Funnel Hacking Live, are you ready to take your paid traffic up to the next level? Well if you are, get on your feet and welcome to the stage, Mr. John Paul! You guys can stay standing if you want. I'm down with that. But I was telling Vanessa, I was like, if they're asleep by the time late afternoon comes around, I'm just gonna make them stand during my whole talk. So, stay up. I'm standing. No, I'm just kidding. Go ahead. Okay, cool. So, let's talk traffic, okay? But not just traffic. Ancient gods in the epic battle for your traffic. Are you guys ready for that? Okay, cool. Okay, traffic's boring. That's the thing I run into. That's the problem, right? So like traffic's boring and it's technical and all this stuff and so I'm like, I gotta make this like epic. I gotta bring in like Greek gods, right? Why not? So, okay, so if the only thing you got for my presentation today was a highly effective and simple one-page formula that works for Facebook ads and Google ads that's worth your time today and your full attention. Talking to you Chandler. Okay. If you got a method to make your retargeting ads last forever and never burn out, would that be worth it? Okay. All right. These are big promises. Rachel's looking at me like, are you sure? Okay, so if you got high converting audiences that you set up once but they continue to pay you indefinitely, would that be worth it? Okay, then tell me if it would be worth it if I could make sales rain down upon you from Mount Olympus like cats and dogs. Would you pay attention? Okay, let's do this. What the heck does rain down like cats and dogs mean? Well Zeus would make you think that it comes from the word cattadoop because it's a Greek word, right? That means like a waterfall. But of course we all know that Zeus sits under throne of lies. So why would we listen to him, right? Instead? But up in the North country where my ancestors come from where it is so cold that it has two winters every year where long ago the mythical sons of Bohr killed a frost giant and from his remains created the planet we live on and the strongest of them Odin, son of Bohr, the storm god sits on his throne of awesomeness with his spear gunger and his hand and his hunting dogs at his side. He would let you know that the raining cats and dogs comes from his hunting dogs who run so fast that they cause the storms and that's why we use the phrase cats and dogs. Now you know. I know. I know. It was a surprise to me too. Okay. You guys are funny. Okay, so Odin's dogs are fast, okay? They're fast. They're loyal. How many of you have dogs out there? Nice. The cool thing about asking that Joe crowd is like 50% of the United States has dogs. How many of cats out there? And the other half has cats. So that's great. Dogs are fast, dogs are loyal and they're efficient. Okay? Write that down. Write down Odin's dogs. Write down fast, loyal and efficient. You're not writing James. Um, He's typing. You know typing doesn't do the psycho neuro motor skill thing that the okay, so Fast, loyal, efficient. Okay, so cats on the other hand cats are way different the way cats, huh? Is that an okay slide? Okay. Sorry guys, I ate steak for lunch too. Okay, so always curious They're How am I supposed to give this talk if you guys keep laughing? Okay? Cautious and They're flighty. Okay. Let me tell you about this story. So there I am In my house eating breakfast and this cat we have cats all over the place I don't own any of them, but they're all over my land It's probably the lady to the south but anyway, so They come they hunt all over my land They hunt like quails and they hunt little marmot things and they hunt they hunt these these things that they're eating right now so And when they hunt they're like they're like so focused right and they're so interested whatever But as soon as like I cracked the door open Or some of my kids like to crack it open and yell at the cat and the cat just skitters off right it totally ditches The hunt and flies. Okay, so write that down cats Cats they're always curious But they're cautious and they're flighty And write one more down there. I'll get to it later right that they get bored really fast. Okay And all this is gonna make sense. Okay But who wants a piece of that? I wish I had something to sell right now so I could be like and here's the thing right okay, so Okay Okay, let's get back to it. So Ads are easy enough right like devon is telling us so they're super easy I mean There's I mean there's there's not there's engagement ads right and then there's video ads and then there's content ads And there's like true view ads and there's like conversion ads and display ads on search ads and you could write Gips if you wanted or there's reach ads or there's stories or there's like static ads or you can run like dynamic ads or Or you can run bumper ads. Oh my gosh. What the heck? Traffic's not easy. Is it? Yes, it's easy. I'm gonna make it easy. Okay. Okay. I promise you I'd make it easy and I cracked the code. You guys want to hear it? Okay, all right I'm glad you guys don't have to stand up again. That was good. Okay So there's only two kinds of ads Rachel Peterson right this time two kinds of ads Only two okay, I'm gonna spend the rest of the time convincing you that there's only prospecting ads and retargeting ads That's it prospecting ads and retargeting ads Sure, there's like variations of those but that's it prospecting ads and retargeting ads. So write that down. Okay Now what the heck do you have written down dogs and cats and and okay, it'll make sense Prospecting ads. This is when you are attracting brand new people. This Is where we bring the cats back in So the people who are out there looking for their stuff looking for the solution And whether they know they are not whether you're they're searching for it or whether you're interrupting them They are like cats hunting They want the thing They've got a need They've got skin problems. They're looking for the soap Right like jayme sales. They've got whatever the need is right and they're look and they need it Whether they know whether they know they do because they're searching for it or whether they don't and you're interrupting them and helping them Understand that they do they need it and so when you're prospecting you need to think of them as cats Okay, and this is why Because they are skittish when you open the door When they think when they sense anything is weird or anything is off Then they'll just fly away fly away like this. In fact last night not to pick on anybody, but I was talking to one of you um Out out down by the about the exit and the thing that you guys were noticing Was that there was there was this point at which like the ads always worked until this one point where like it seemed like it broke Right and it's because the people got skittish and they just ran away They did they they they're following the scent they're following the scent like a cat But something seemed weird and they and they lost the hunt, right? So you just think about that when you have prospecting ads like is there anything that's incongruent? For this brand new person. They're they're shy. They're they're trying to find the solution They're coming along, but if there's anything weird, they just go away. Okay, so here's a bad example I left them up too long. Sorry. Stay farm. Um, save farm is great. I think but This ad isn't out great. So the ad says Here's here here to help team drivers go right state farm Here to help life go right when the kids have taken over The wheel state farm is here to help. Okay, so If this ad attracts me if I click on this ad Then I'm going somewhere because I probably have team drivers um I probably have concerns about my team drivers or concerns about the car when they're driving it Um or something like that. And so I'm like, okay, so I'm gonna click through and see how state farm can help me with my team drivers I click through and state farm says Switch to state farm auto insurance and you could save some money Do you guys see the incongruency there? I'm just like What about my teams? They're gonna crash the car Right and this isn't help right so it's just like there's an incongruency. There's a mismatch and so I bet that that ad is not getting them new customers. Okay good example Good example not great. Good example. Okay, we're in the middle here your your content on the web's top site says tabula Make your content appear on the top Sites with tabula and drive more traffic than ever before. Okay, so we've got a guy So look at the look at the imagery. We've got a guy. We've got a pink background We've got what seems like a screenshot of me applying to be Like a tabula guy or to to run ads on tabula And then my landing page is this So it's not the screenshot of what I saw but it does talk a similar talk I mean drive quality audiences from top publishers with your video and content campaigns We've got a different person i'm looking at Different color different feel and it's not the page that I saw a screenshot of and I thought I was kind of going to that screenshot Right, so it's good and it would probably work, but it's not great. Okay An awesome example Caleb remember Caleb from yesterday Okay, so this is the funny thing. I was actually talking to Matt Maddox behind the stage two days ago And um, I had already selected this like last week because I saw it was running and I saw that the landing page It went to was awesome And I thought that there's an awesome example of a good ad for you guys And so I picked it out and I was just back and I was like, oh, hey mad. Guess what I chose Caleb's ad as my awesome Example on my slides and he's like you did and I was like yeah, and he's like well, guess what? It's super successful and I was like bam got the right one anyway, so awesome example, so we've got Caleb Maddox here and I know I started the text is small. I'll get close so I can read it It says my dad paid me 20 dollars for every personal growth book I read when I was seven and it made me a millionaire by 16 And the impact personal growth it can have the impact on the kids It's even crazier And now there's finally relatable entertaining powerful personal growth for kids. Okay, and then the headline is personal growth Made me a millionaire by 16. Okay, so it's so the concept here is You know parent helps child With personal growth and now there's more and easily more easily consumable personal growth for the child's right for the for the kids And the landing page we hit is finally relatable entertaining powerful personal growth for kids Do you see the congruency there? like it's just It's like a no-brainer now that you see it But how many of you are running like poor or good ads and not great ads? Right? Okay, and then again look at I mean I'm gonna go back Caleb forward Caleb, right? I'm like, oh, yeah, I'm in the right spot. I've got the guy, right? And so I'm on the hunt I'm that cat and I see that juicy quail And I get it because it nothing changed, you know, no little four-year-old came out with a squirt gun or anything. Okay So the other thing to remember about cats Look, I'm not a cat person, but I had to work in a cat gift I don't know for one of you. Okay, so I ran out of names. I don't know like three people in the front. So I'm just kidding. So um Variety so cats need They get bored look how bored this cat is right? I put this up here so you guys can remember you need variety Cat the cats get bored and people get banner blind and they get bored the best you guys want the number one secret to scaling your ad spend One of you Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah the number one secret to scaling your ad spend is Put more ads out And I'm dead serious do more. Okay, so it's such an important metric that I actually have that number reported to me on a daily basis and a report How many ads do you guys think I have running right now under the click funnels banner? 20 40 100 317 this morning 317 ad Out there running and that's in facebook. I didn't count the google ones. Okay So it's so important to have the variety not trying to scare you off You don't have 30 offers like we have so you don't need 370 ads or whatever But the concept is is that the more variety you have the more hooks you have out there The more you're able to the more you're able to figure out which one's working The more you're able to hit the same person from multiple angles They see this testimonial and then this testimonial and then they're like, you know what I'm going to start taking action This looks awesome, right too many of us You know and I coached quite a few of you 2ccx people in our circle people too many of us we find our favorite ad and we Put our banner on that ad and we're like this ad right here somehow is going to make me to the two comma club This one now. How do I scale the ad spend on it? You know what I mean? I'm like, well, it burns out real fast So like let's not rely on that one ad okay Just get variety get variety right re Higdon taught us how easy it is to uh to make a new ad right It was a lot easier than digging ditches for 8 hours. He says so Let's take his word for it. Okay So review cats when we're prospecting Your people are cats, okay So they're curious So russel talks about the hook and the story and the offer good hooks work very good in our prospecting efforts They're curious. They're out there. They're interested. I mean, why do videos go viral people want to know what's up? Why are this person sharing that like curiosity works? Okay, so curiosity works. That's why clickbait works Don't use clickbait, but that's why this concept of curiosity works. Okay, congruency like we talked about don't scare the cats off be congruent Okay, and then variety make sure you've got some variety so your cats aren't bored And then you can get you can get them they can they can they can successfully Feel like they won the hunt and they bought the thing that they wanted and it was your thing and then you've got new customers, okay Okay, so these audiences are curious or easily tempted. They're easily scared and they're quickly bored. Okay, so remember that right there Right that where your cat thing was Okay, cool. So that's part of it now. I'm gonna promise you by the end of my Talk today That this exact slide will be completely fleshed out and everything you need to know need to know to advertise effectively We'll be on this one slide and you can take a picture of the one slide and go home and Do awesome things cool Okay Let's talk about retargeting ads now. So that was prospecting. That's one part. That's one kind of ad prospecting Now you guys know how to do it effectively Just start doing it and do more of it and do more variety retargeting ads on the other hand This is you taking people to the next level Of conversion. Okay, and these are the only two kinds of ads that you run retargeting ads when done properly Will account for like the bulk of your success. So is your you taking people to the next level of conversion? Okay, so remember odin's dogs go back up to where you talked about the dogs We've got speed a big requirement for this so Retargeting is like The dog's hunting not the cats. Okay, so speed you got to keep the retargeting windows short That's a huge huge error. I see people who do build build an audience off of people who Bounced off their landing page whether or not they stayed and they've got that audience for like 90 days or 120 days And they're wondering why this audience isn't a high-performing audience Well, let me ask you like the last time you visited a website just on a whim and then went away Did you remember it for 90 days? Probably not. I I mean if I just look at my history the amount of websites I visited like 20 minutes when I'm browsing is like I mean one every second is what it feels like so there's no way that they remembered your website 90 days from now There's no way they remembered it 20 days from now. So keep your retargeting windows short and I'll give you a kind of a formula later on Good you guys understand that one. Okay, sweet. Okay Loyalty, okay, so if they stick around and then keep moving them up tom breeze Um, thump breeze is awesome He's uh, he's fantastic at youtube ads and I've read his book and anyway hung out with him a bunch So he's he's this cool guy and he talks about I think he coined this. I don't know if we did or he did but I think he calls it the naughty list, right? So he's like if they're if they're looking at your ads and they've seen them for a while and they don't take any action Put them on a naughty list and basically like exclude them like don't run ads to them anymore. You know, they they missed out, right? Be harsh about it And so but if they do if they take some action if they Engage if they sit around and they watch your video then they're yours if they click through to do something else then they're yours If they You know if they they click through and they go farther and the farther then like keep them around be loyal with the ones who are Taking action and seriously exclude the ones who aren't okay because you're wasting ad spend Okay, next one efficiency Use the right campaign objective and I see this one a lot so we can need to be really efficient when we Run ads because it's our money because we're bootstrapped, right? We're not venture capitalist driven We don't have a ton of money just a throw out there for branding every penny counts and we need to make sure every Every dollar that we spend in ads goes To the to the right kind of uh to that kind of buyer so we need to be efficient in our campaign objective. So One way I see the biggest way that I see that is like inefficient Is people double filtering it's the concept of double filtering. Let me explain that so when you Require that somebody takes so many actions for them to be on an audience that you're going to target So I'll give you an example when you require that they Um opted in on your website and then saw your sales page before they got to this specific audience If you've already gone through that filter and they can only be on that audience for let's say 10 days You've got a significant amount of filtering on there. You don't need google's help to or or youtube or facebook's help to filter anymore If you pay for facebook for their filtering you're increasing your costs What do I mean by that if you were to choose a campaign objective Look at lost it Hello Hello hello It's okay. Wasn't that big anyway Can you guys hear me? Okay I'll just keep talking. Okay I'll stop for a minute. Good idea. Yeah Thank you. Oh dance. Yeah I'll take a drink. I'll take a drink. Okay. Do you have any sound yet testing testing? Handheld Round Testing testing. Okay. I got this one. Okay, we're good. Thank you Okay, we're good. So campaign objective Okay, so if you've got a campaign objective that's like really picky like oh, I only want facebook I only want purchase conversions Then what you're doing is you're taking that you're taking whatever audience you give facebook and you're saying I just want the cream Or the crop off of that. I just want the ones that you think are most likely to convert I want that 10% off the top, right? Well, if you've already super filtered your audience Why the heck are you not saying I want all of this audience? I already know who they are I want all of them and I want them cheaply Instead of saying yeah, charge me a buttload and give me the little slice off the top save that for prospecting. Okay If you have a highly filtered audience and you're confident in it And it's a short window because you're using speed and you're using loyalty then be efficient with your campaign objective And choose something like reach where it's like Show it to everybody on this list as cheap as you can, right? And the cool thing with with efficiency with with campaign objective is You get to choose how frequent and so you can say I only want one impression a day That audience only lives for five days because after five days they get kicked off the audience because i'm using the speed tactic um And so the max they'll ever see it is five times and they'll see it once a day And so the most you'll ever spend what I mean, what is a what is cpm nowadays 20 30 40 dollars? So like you're paying like pennies pennies per impression So yeah, I'll spend five cents on that guy and five cents on that guy because they're highly filtered So my costs go way down my results go way up. Is that cool? Okay So make sure that you are being efficient that you're being um, that you're using the loyalty method and the speed method. Okay Well, all that's great, but who should we retarget? Who should we retarget? Let's get a really simple formula that we can throw up on that slide. So By the end of my talk that you'll have one slide it'll talk about prospecting it'll talk about retargeting it'll talk about who to retarget, okay Get ready for that. Okay Do you guys want a piece of that? Okay, I had to wake you up. Okay, so check out this guy. This is my cute little four-year-old Brigham Brigham is his name. Yeah, he's super cool. So Um, the other day he said we're looking out the window and he's like dad. What happens to the snow? When the sun makes it go away I was like, that's the cutest little four-year-old question, you know Is it he keeps watching that snow a little bit and then it melts away and snow a little bit? It melts away. He didn't understand where it went. He thought it was like cotton and it should just hang out, right? so I was like, oh cool dad teaching moment So I was like grab a cup and he's in his is in his like shorts and t-shirt and no shoes because he never wears shoes not even to church And so I'm like grab a cup so he went and grabbed a cup and I was like hey go outside and get some So he scooped up some snow outside and he filled up that cup And he went to his favorite spots where he where he squats down on the heater where it's blowing hot air And he sat there with his cup and he's like looking at the snow and the snow starts to melt Like within within a minute it's gone and it's just this little tiny puddle in his in his cup And he's like what just happened and then and then he sits it down and he goes and plays for a little bit and comes back then by then The snow had melted and the water that was in there even had evaporated And so then we talked about like You know something that's hard like snow turns into liquid and then it turns into gas and it's gone like We he learned a four-year-old was able to learn, you know the three phases of matter Um with snow and it was really fun. It was really fun to watch him. You have that epiphany and teach it and stuff like that so With Brigham's inspiration. Let's talk about the three phases of retargeting. Okay Okay, so we've got gas that should say liquid said venessa. Thank you and solid. Okay, so we got gas liquid and solid here So this let's talk about this. So phase one the gas phase Of retargeting so here we have people who are engaged so step one create an audience write this down create an audience of those who've engaged With your prospecting efforts in the last three to five days It's a simple concept but you're prospecting all out here like here's this video. Here's this image Here's this thing people are commenting people are sharing people are saving the post People are you know watching the video for you know a decent amount of time Um create an audience of that of that engagement You know and and it's simple on facebook and in it's simple in google if they've watched your videos You could create an audience out of them. Okay, so that's your engaged audience, but make it a short window Remember odin's dog the fast and so you need to be fast too three to five days I mean that this is a rule of thumb you guys the the funnest part about testing is is playing with that You can go like well, let's try six days. Oh my cost went too high. Let's let's let's actually just try two days Oh things are better right so play with it your offer is different. How well they remember you is different But let's go for three to five days. Okay, so that's step one To make a phase one of retargeting the engaged audience is step two Make an ad calling them out Hey, I couldn't help noticing you watched my video recently Did you know insert a epiphany bridge insert a product example insert a testimonial social proof a call to action Right insert something awesome there But like talk to them be like hey you just watched my video over here I wanted to give you this epiphany now what you click through right you didn't at first Cool Simple enough and I'll give you an example and the coolest thing about this think about it this add an audience last indefinitely they will never burn out In theory they will never burn out Facebook might burn out or google or something but in theory they will last forever because People can only be on this audience three to five days and then they're kicked off the audience either they were loyal to you and they got moved up The bracket you know in these phases or they weren't and they got put on the naughty list or just kicked off Either way they will only ever see this ad three to five times if you do one impression a day or You know, however you're doing it. So, um This ad and this audience will last last forever. You just got to set it up right and it'll just go Isn't that cool? Yeah, so you I mean this this setup won't burn out. Okay Here's an example of it The text is kind of small. I'll kind of give you an idea of what it says um So this is this is a video of russell and he's talking to you and he says In the video i'll just recap in the video. He's he's like hey, I noticed that you you know, you were interested in in my offer of the book You didn't take any action here So what I decided to do is I was going to crack open the book and I'll read some of it to you So he does he literally opens the book and for a few minutes. He's like well, here's the table of content So here's what you're going to learn and here's some here's some reasons why I shared this stuff and here's why it's cool and he gives them an epiphany bridge or two and so um Either they like it and they engage or they don't right but it's it's a really simple thing He just took his product and and gave them some more epiphanies about the product And give him a little bit more information. So that's a good example of phase one retargeting Okay phase two retargeting People who've landed on your page They're like liquid Okay, so step step one create an audience of those who visited your funnel in the last five to seven days So who visited they actually had to take action. So they either you either were Prospecting, you know, you're putting up all these different ads and one of them worked and they clicked through And they got to your you know the first page of your funnel and in that case That you know they'll show up here right or they will have taken action gone farther and maybe opted in or purchased or things like that But if they at least landed on the page put them in this funnel In this uh in this phase of retargeting in this audience So create an audience of those who first who visited your funnel in the last five to seven days You know and exclude them if they bought right you need to make sure you're you're excluding buyers. So you're not hitting them Again to go to the same thing that they already did unless that's relevant to your offer like a consumable, right? Okay, so step two make an ad calling them out. Hey, so I don't get it. You visited my page, but you didn't get the free download Or you didn't get the thing. Did you know instead of piffany bridge or story or testimonial or hook and call the action at the end Okay, you've got some of these you've got testimonials. You got people who are happy with your thing. You've got um You know you got a piffany bridges and stuff like that. So just stick him in there But but you can call them out and say hey So you visited my page, but you didn't buy the book. Here's an example of this. Okay, again This ad and this audience lasts indefinitely if you set it up, right? They will only ever be on this audience for five to seven days And they will only ever see this ad that many times And then you're done. You set this up once and just go like it's done And all you have to worry about is more prospecting ads out there just to keep these things full, right? Okay, so here's an example of that selling Russell's book if Tony Robbins endorsed it, you know, it's got to be good So here's an epiphany like look guys. He likes it too. Here's some here's some awesome celebrity proof Um, and then it's just Tony Robbins. Uh quote that's actually on the front of the book. It's just right there for them to read Cool Okay, you guys think you can set up face two over targeting simple, right? Okay, so here's phase three Phase three of retargeting People who took action they're like solid. They're like snow. Okay Step one create an audience of those who took action like they opted in In the last seven to ten days on your funnel, but they didn't buy Or they didn't attend the webinar Or whatever you're trying to get him to do So set up that phase so just an audience of people who Who like they were interested enough to either on your prospecting ad to actually take action right then Or through phase one or phase two you finally got them to this point Either way, they're at this point make an audience out of them Um, again a fairly short window still a seven to ten day window on your funnel But they didn't do what you wanted them to do. They didn't take the neck action So they took one action so added to added to an audience, right? Except you make an ad calling them out Hey, so I couldn't help noticing that you hate results or you You know that well whatever it is and then you give them another you know insert status maybe this time This one worked really well for us where we where we insert like a status thing where it's like Um, you're kind of an idiot because you didn't do this so you should probably do it, right? so kind of like a status play or Um, or again epiphanies still work testimonials still work a hook a call to action Get them to click through and take that next step again. If you set this up, right it lasts Forever, right Okay, so here's an example. Look at this one. We got Russell. We got Steve Larson. We got Melanie here. So I seriously why this is how hard this ad was to create. They're like, hey, we're launching a book I was like, oh, I need some pictures. So I walked into the room with my iPhone and I was like, Steven look like you're mad You know Melanie look like give me a stank face Russell make you you know, whatever I just took a bunch of pictures and I was like, hey, thanks guys. Bye. And they're like, what the weird and then this ad popped up, right? So I was just like, hey, we noticed you left without completing your order. That's crazy Right. Like I really think you're crazy. You didn't order the book. Why? I mean, it's free plus shipping Just click here to get a copy of expert secrets free. Just cover the shipping Did you forget and the headline is did you forget to get your copy of expert secrets book? Here are three people in your face that can't believe you wouldn't have gotten this free book plus shipping, right? I mean and and they're cool people the people that you like you like Russell you like Steve you like Melanie So it's like their signature like oh status my status is her. I must go get the book, right? So do a simple ad like that Okay, you guys get that Cool Okay, so let's kind of wrap this all together And see if if it all makes sense Okay, so here we have our prospecting and what do we need to remember on the prospecting we need to remember Um, that it's curiosity, right? It's the first time you're reaching out to these people It's the first time they're probably going to see you and so you just got to like Be flamboyant or loud or bright or interesting or curiosity based But but give them something to look at Um, they you need a variety the more variety that you have the better you can scale, okay Whatever variety you have the better you can scale and the more hooks you're throwing in to that red ocean The more the more types of people you can pull out. Maybe this hook is like is like, you know It's very emotional. Maybe this hook is very logical and maybe this hook is very You know status based and maybe this hook is it's a testimonial you just want to throw out there So it's very social proof based But throw just show those hooks out there as many as you can. I mean you saw raised slides, right where you've got um Where where you've got like him on a bob ross picture or you've got I mean those are all kinds of crazy Curiosity things you can throw out there. Just be just be crazy with it. See what sticks see what works Okay, and then congruency you don't want to scare those cats. They're they want to hunt. They're there. They're hungry. They want the thing You've got a solution, but it's so easy to startle them. And so make sure you're not doing that Okay, so that's the prospecting side is that easy That's not hard Okay, so on the retargeting side You've got speed, okay, you need to make sure you're retargeting windows are small So you just say I just want so I mean the the the logistics of it is simple when you're building the audience and It's a custom audience in facebook and and in google when you're building it You just say I want people to enter this audience by by taking this action And then I want them to only stay on this audience for five days After taking said action or or if they do something then put them on that audience, right? And that's the loyalty play is if they're not taking action with you put them on a naughty list Give them a timeout like this half of the room. I think is still in timeout. Hey divan. Did you ever release them from timeout? Sorry guys, you're officially released from timeout. Okay, so I hate that when I get stuck in time out. Okay, so the loyalty play you got to make sure you move them up the audiences Or drop them in a naughty list. I mean if you've been pounding on these people give them a break Okay, inefficiency so make sure that you're using a campaign objective that makes sense for what you're doing Okay, if you're highly filtered already, then don't ask facebook for filtering if you're not highly filtered Yeah, so come on facebook filter for me. Why don't you I'm going to run a campaign A conversion objective a purchase objective and I want you guys to go through this list Of you know of dirty laundry and pick out the best ones, right? So you can you can ask for filtering or not But make sure that you're doing it the right way if you've already filtered you don't need them If you haven't ask for it, right? okay So you've got to be quick with your dogs and stay and they'll stay loyal remember efficiency with your campaigns Okay, so the three phases of retargeting you guys remember this We've got those who've engaged So set up an audience. This is short window three to five or so You've got those two. I see some you're getting your phone out Back forward. I'm almost there Okay Oh, no, okay, okay All right, we're good. Okay, so engage all right, so landed Did they land on your page? Did they get there? Go a little bit longer on this one, you know five to seven seven to ten days or so What's this one? I wrote five to seven five to seven. I think it'd be great Again, you want to test these things these are these are the things you're going to set up and they're just going to last and they're going to run so Um, so so have fun with them test them. You know what I mean? Put one up. Put one up. This is what I like to do I'll give you the last one first. Okay, then it took action. Okay, take a picture Take a picture This is your slide And then if any of you have like one of those cool cameras that like print out a copy right when you take the picture Like see if you can print out like five thousand Okay Um And on this one it's it's a little bit longer. You can go seven to ten days They're more committed to you so you can go longer on this. Okay, so this is everything right here on one slide This is all I know Don't tell rustles um, so Yeah, don't tell rustle the last month. They actually spent like um, 75 hundred dollars Yeah, so 750 that's right 750 thousand dollars. So don't tell rustle that either. Um It's a little bit more than I usually do but it worked because we did this Okay, so One more thing I want to talk to you guys about one more thing This is the bonus slide. I already talked about this one the reach objective because I couldn't wait But do it use try the reach objective again Don't try it if your audiences are too long if you if you've got like a They hit my landing page within the last 30 days and they haven't taken any other action with me the reach objective will just Um, it'll drain you you'll be you'll lose all your money But if you've got a really tight thing if you really efficient already and you know, there's little tiny audiences like reach objective Is something you can tell facebook to do specifically that allows you to Um to get to get the maximum amount out of that already highly filtered audience. Okay Okay, and then test and replace so what you want to do That's what you guys got to do when you go back. Okay first set up your retargeting And then think about the prospecting first set up your retargeting think through Phase one think through phase two think through phase three every targeting think through What kind of message you want to have and what actions they would have taken to get on this audience And if you guys don't know how to do this and like russell teaches if you want To give this to the who and you don't want to know the how that's fine. That's what I gave you I gave you enough how so you can go out and find the who to do it this way. Okay Yeah, I mean if you guys don't want to run ads, that's the way to do it. You go find the person who does it, right? But this is a good formula and now you know enough why you know enough how That you can you can know what they're doing you can have an insight into what's happening. Okay, so test and replace So each one of these that you set up there's retargeting phase one two and three Set them up and then test it out And then and then if it's working well great Set you know set up the next one and set up the next one and do some prospecting But you can always go back to these retargeting things and try to beat them. Let's take a game. It's like, okay Phase one is good. I want it to be great. Um, let's try this new thing. Oh, no, that didn't work Let's try this new creative. Oh, that didn't work. Let's try this new one. Okay, that one worked That's good. Now since it's going so good, let's see if I can add an extra day onto that audience Okay, that worked two days now. Let's bring it back. So test adjust play with it But once you get it there, it's just it's just it's just fine tuning it. So you have the most amazing retargeting Um, and then all you got to focus on is just prospecting. Is that easy? Cool Well, that's it guys. That's what I had to tell you. You want that slide again? There it is. Okay Thank you so much. You guys have been a blast Thank you and you and you and you cool beard. All right. Thank you