Thank you Troy. One thing I want to mention again, and we talked about yesterday, like, what we did was really cool, but the coolest thing about it is it's not like a superpower or anything. It's something I think everybody can do in this room, which is the exciting thing. And so, but it does take a lot of work. Like Troy said, you got to bust your butt, you got to do a lot of front loading of work to get that, and then after it's done, it becomes really, really easy. We're literally going to do a webinar once every Thursday and just hang out the rest of the time. So, yeah? What is the problem with that? Depends. There's a lot of ways to do it. I mean yesterday. Nothing was free. We sent emails out. Yeah. So, I wanted a tangent there. I just lost it. Oh, yeah. So, I was going to tell a story. So, because what Troy is talking about is right, like a ton of front end work, right? But after it's done, then the webinar is done, right? You saw it, like, I don't have to read. I can tweak little things, but I just do the webinar. We get paid. What's cool about it is I was thinking about this. Some of you guys may have heard me tell the story before, but my senior year at Boise State here, I was going to school. I was wrestling. My business was happening. So, I didn't even care about school because I was making money. But I wanted to wrestle, so I had to keep going to school. And then, I graduated and I had, or I didn't graduate. I finished wrestling and there's like two more months till school is out. So, for two months, I'm just like, I did not want to go. I was like so painful, but I knew that if I didn't get a degree, my mom would never have any respect for me. So, I'm like, okay, I got to just, two more months. I just got to finish off. So, I'm doing my last two months of school. And I was taking a creativity class and I had a teacher's name. It was Dr. Murley. He was this little Indian dude about this tall. And he was so excited about everything and he was talking about creativity. And anyway, so, we're doing this whole class and then we had this project at the end of the year, it was our final project where we had to do something creative and then do a presentation on what we did. And so, I'm like, all right. So, at the time, I had created this little membership site called the Lost File. Some of you guys may remember that. It was this little membership site that sold public domain products. And so, put all the things together and I launched it and did my little thing. And this is back, man, I mean years ago now, 12, 13 years ago. And put it out there, we launched it. And anyway, so, my presentation was on this thing. I said, hey guys, I made this membership site. I showed how it worked. I showed the whole process, showed how I launched it. And we got, I think we had three or 400 people that signed up at like $27 a month. So, I was making, I don't know what the numbers are, $10,000, $15,000 a month. And it was pretty cool. So, I was making this little website, making money. And I showed the whole class that and I showed my stats and my numbers and everything and I got done. And the class is about, probably about this big people. And then after we got done, Dr. Murley, this little Indian dude runs up all excited. He's like, did you guys hear what Russell just said? Like, he just made this thing up. He's making $10,000 a month or whatever. And he's like freaking out. And I'm like, wow, he's really excited by this little Indian guy. I wish you guys could see him. It's like the funniest thing. He's getting all excited. And he asked the class, he's like, did you guys see what he just did? Like, who here, like, what questions do you have for Russell? Like, ask him some questions. This is amazing. And we're looking at the audience and they're all kind of sitting there. And there's just one kid. He's like leaning back in his chair, like feet up. And he raises his hand like, like this. I'm like, yeah. And he's like, Russell, that seems cool and all, but man, that seems like a lot of work. And I remember sitting there thinking, I just kind of smiled and I was like, yeah, it was a lot of work. But guess what? I have a membership site now that makes me 10 grand a month and guess what I have to do for that now? Nothing. There's nothing else I have to do. I had to frontload all this work and all this effort. And I was like, I look at him and I was like, you know, in a week or two now, you're going to graduate, we're all going to graduate. You know, we're all seniors at this point, and you're going to go get a job and you're going to start at, you know, $30,000 a year and then you're going to upgrade to 40. And then over the next 40, 50 years of your life and keep working, eventually you'll retire. I was thinking, I'm like, that seems like a lot more work to me than frontloading it up front, right? And so that's what I think about you guys. I did a podcast on this a little while ago. Anyone here listen to the Marketing Your Car podcast? Cool. It's like my gift to the world and like, there's not that many listeners to it, it's just fun to do. I drive to the office every day. I talk for four or five minutes about what's happening and I did one yesterday on the way to the office, I did one today. So if you don't go to marketingyourcar.com and just subscribe, it's kind of fun. Each podcast is like five minutes long, so it's not anything long, but you can hear my rants and my thoughts for the day. But I did one a little while ago, I think it was during the time that Troy was talking about where we were trying to get ClickFunnels launched and trying to get all these things. And it was called the unbalanced life, because all of us are talking about how we want to be balanced, right? That's one of our big things. We need to become balanced. And the problem with being balanced, that's an ideal situation, right? You want to become balanced. That's a good thing. But to have great things happen, you can't be balanced to cause massive action on something. I was thinking about when I was wrestling, I didn't live a balanced lifestyle when I was wrestling. I wanted to be the best in the country. I wanted to be as good as I could. And to do that, if I would have been balanced and spent, you know, if it was in my time at school and all these different things, I could never have done it. I had to become extremely unbalanced for a period of time where all my focus, my thoughts, my dreams were on this thing to be able to be successful. And then when I was done, I could come back and get balanced. Okay? For about two years or so before ClickFunnels launched, my life was very, very balanced because everything, you know, things were working and things were very balanced. But then we had this big project come and I knew what it could be and I knew the potential of it. And so to get it out the door and to be able to have success, I had to become completely unbalanced for a while. Okay? It's kind of like a slingshot, right? You can completely unbalance for a little bit. It's just different and then you can let go and it shoots back and you can come back to balance. But to be able to execute and to get things done, you've got to become unbalanced sometimes for a finite period of time to be able to just then take off. And so for ClickFunnels, it was two or three months of us just killing ourselves to get it. But then now it's done, now it's just growing and it's just, now I can get back to a balanced life. Yeah, Vince? My wife is amazing. Yeah, she's amazing. And that's the key. I always tell people you can only be as successful as your spouse will allow you to be. So that's another seminar for another day, but we won't teach that one. Anyway, all right. So today, first off, do you guys have a good time yesterday? Okay, I had a lot of fun. No? Chris has been in how many airports and how many days? It was a nightmare for him to get here. Tell him what he missed, you guys. Did he miss a good day yesterday? I'm just joking, man. We recorded it for you. So it had a good time. The webinar was fun. I'm glad that turned out well and it worked and we made some sales and it was really fun. So I appreciate you guys participating in that. Today, so yesterday is all about more of the presentation, right? The perfect webinar script, how we pitch, the process. We kind of covered that. So today, the focus is a little bit different. What I'm going to be focusing on today is the actual registration and the signup process we take people through because that's about 50% of it. And then after that, the rest of the day, we'll be focusing more on traffic stuff, so how to get people to actually come and attend and register for your webinars. So what I want to go through is just kind of go through the webinar registration process for this. Now, there's two different, keep in your mind, there's kind of two different strategies on this. One of them is like a real webinar and one's like an auto webinar. And conceptually, they're very similar, but they're also different in the way that the registration process is kind of work. So I'm going to show you as live examples of both of them, just kind of sketch them out so you know. The most simple four, like the way a webinar works is there's, it's pretty simple. There's a webinar registration page, somebody comes in to register, and then there's the confirmation page. And then in the middle here, you connected whatever your webinar platform was, external. So I use go to webinar, that's my favorite one. Some of you guys use webinar jam. Is there other ones out there? I don't even know if there's other ones that people use. But something like that, right? I use go to webinar. And so that's the most simple form. I'm going to show you guys more complex stuff because you can add more complex things to make it really cool. But I want to stress one thing. I'm going to show you guys a whole bunch of really cool stuff with the registration process. Don't let that keep you guys from just getting something out there. This is what you need to have. Like these are the requirements we have to have to launch a successful webinar. Okay, the other stuff is stuff I'm going to show you guys to amplify and to make it better. But don't wait to get all the other stuff to go and launch your webinar. You only, to launch your webinar, your registration page, hooking at some kind of webinar software and a confirmation page. That's all you have to have. Okay? So you guys promised me that you're not going to not launch until you have everything. Okay, this is important. Okay, so that's this. Now an automated webinar, there's a couple more steps in it. And the cool thing about automated webinars is that your ability to sequence and to do actions based on what people are doing. We kind of lose that with a go-to webinar or some third-party service, but you can do an automated webinar. So when automated webinar works, the first thing they come to is to a confirmation page, or excuse me, registration page. So here's registration, confirmation. So here's the registration page. And I don't know if you guys have seen in the last week, we've done some huge updates to the automated webinar stuff inside of ClickFunnels, because it wasn't as good. And because we're launching our first automated one, we went through and just pull it revamped. So it's a million times better than it was just a week ago. So this is kind of how it works now. So you come to the webinar registration page, and they come to register, and they get to pick a date and a time. So they'll say, I want to do, they'll be like, do you want to do the webinar today, tomorrow, or Friday? They pick the date and the time. And then one other feature we add in here, because in our split test book, we found that this actually was one of our best converting things, is we give people the ability to watch yesterday's replay right now. So it's like, do you want to watch yesterday's replay now, or do you want to watch the webinar tonight at 10 or tomorrow, or does that make sense, they pick the date and time? So if they say I want to watch yesterday's replay now, automatically takes them to the page where they can watch the replay. Now, I thought that that option would be like, when we first add that a rich chef from was doing a lot of automated webinar stuff, he's one of the first guys doing it, and he had that as a feature on his, or like, choose yesterday, or watch yesterday's replay now. And I remember I, I like hated that idea, because it kind of like, was backwards of everything we're trying to do with automated webinar. But we tested it, and it turned out that I think it was like 25 or 30% of people took that option, but then like over 50% of our income came from that option. So the people who were like, excited hyper buyers who wanted it right now, even though there's a smaller percentage went this way, more majority of our money came from that. So we now have that in all of our automated webinars. In fact, I use it as the default check, because that's what I want. If they don't, if they pick a date and a time, then it takes them over here to a confirmation page, then it has like a countdown clock that shows you when your webinar starts, and it gives them like, their own custom personal URL. So this is your URL, come back to this page on the date and the time, and then the webinar will happen. So if they come back to this URL, or they're on this page, when the clock is to zero, and when the date and the time they picked the webinar happens, it redirects over here to an actual page where they can go and watch the webinar. And that's what happens. Now, the other cool thing about the automated webinar stuff is inside of ClickFunnels, I'll kind of show you guys this, you can set up really cool sequencing. So you can say, everyone that registers, send them this email sequence. So email one, email two, email three, kind of send that out. Now if they register and they show up to the webinar, but they leave early, send them this sequence. You were on the webinar, so you had to leave early, and so you can have a whole email sequencing, hey, you left early. If they stay on the webinar, they stay all the way past where you do your clothes and your pitch, you can set a little trigger points that says, hey, this person stayed till after they saw the offer, then you can send them out a different email sequence. And if they never showed up, you can send out different email sequence. Okay, that makes sense. There's four kind of tracks you can take somebody on based on what they do here. And so that's what's really powerful about automated webinar. Again, typically, someone watching it here versus someone watching it here, your conversions will drop. It's just the nature of the beast because they just do. But because there's all this cool sequencing, a lot of times we can get that conversion rate, usually not as high as this, but a lot closer. And then the fact that this webinar can be promoted, you know, like literally when we launched the Funnel Hacks version next week, there will be people watching it in every time zone around the world at different times, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and I don't have to ever do a webinar, which is, you know, obviously that's the dream. So because there's so much more exposure, and because of the sequencing, you can usually as a whole get the point you're making as much money or more from here. Do you have a question? So this question is, is it go to webinar, there's the business logic. No, so in this, this is a 100% happening side of ClickFunnel. So if you do the automated webinar, you don't need any other third party, anything. ClickFunnel is all email sequencing. It does all the pages, the platform, the replays, all kind of stuff. So the vibe one's the one where you need an external thing. So what he's asking you guys is, so these emails are coming from, from ClickFunnel to saying, but I use getResponse, I use Aweber, whatever. So he's saying, can you connect Aweber here so that when they subscribe, they get out of your Aweber list, and then ClickFunnel is sending these out on your behalf. The answer is yes. Yeah. Right here, if you guys notice, the one thing that's driving me crazy about ClickFunnel is, and this bug should be, not a bug, this feature should be added this week, is right now on your registration page, you have to pick either go to webinar or an email out of respond to, if you guys notice that, it kind of drives me crazy. So that's an update that's coming out, I think, this week, where you can add in your odd responder and go to webinar, so that way when they subscribe, they'll be added to both. So that'll be super nice, it's been a pain in the butt. Yeah. How deep are the sequences that are sort of, you see in there? I'll show you guys here. In fact, I think the amount of already handed out some of the email sequencing, so we'll go over that in a little bit and just see how deep. But pretty deep. It's funny, when this is when Liz called me one day, and was like talking about her follow-up sequences, and I kind of gave her what I gave you guys right here, and she doubled her sales on the webinar just by adding in the sequence, and it goes pretty deep. So I'll show you guys that here in a little bit. Okay, so this is kind of like the bare bones of what you need to have. And so I almost am nervous about showing you guys this other stuff, because I know some of you guys are going to be like, I can't do anything to have the rest of it, but I want to show it to you guys because if you can add this stuff, these are amplifiers, a lot of times, that will increase your sales by 40, 50, even 100% by doing these things. And I'm going to show you guys examples here in a second, but just conceptually so you get the strategy ahead of time. So what the one big piece that I'm going to cover that's cool is, between the times somebody registers, and they show up for the seminar here, or registers show up here, there's things we need to do to get them excited, and get them motivated, and get them to want to actually show up, right? I've had probably three or four of you guys over the last couple of weeks that messaged me like, how do I get more people to show up in my webinar? Like, my webinar numbers are low, like what are the things I can do? And so I'm going to go through a couple ideas that will help you get people to actually show up to your webinar. The very first one, and this is my favorite, and this one takes a little bit of effort. So again, this is not one to wait to launch your thing, but it's one to add in, is once somebody's registering, for either of these, the house is making green, we put in, between the time they register and they show up, we put in almost like a little mini product launch. If you guys are familiar with the whole internet marketing strategy about doing product launches, right? They do like video number one, this cool thing, video number two, video number three, and then they like reveal this product and they sell it. So we kind of do a similar thing here where when somebody registers for webinar, day one they get this really cool video, day two they get a video, and day three they get a video, all pre-getting them excited for this event. Same thing if they register here, between here and here, they're getting video one, video two, video three. So we have three of these videos. They're sometimes called indoctrination videos, things that Frank Kern calls them indoctrination videos, where indoctrinates somebody on what you need them to believe, need them to understand before they show up the webinar. Some people call them intensification videos, we're intensifying that process with them, getting them, I think that's what Rick Sheffrin's called intensification, we're intensifying that relationship so that it's more likely to show up. And I'll show you some of the ones, in fact, Mandy is one of the superstars in our video that I'm going to show you guys here in a minute, which is fun. So we have these intensification things to get them excited and get them warmed up, okay? One video each day. Now in a perfect world, someone registered and they'd see all three videos before they show up, okay? The reality is that hardly ever actually happens, okay? What usually happens, they register, they watch one video, then they still see the event, but then they see video two and they see video number three and that's okay, because even if it's, it's not a perfect order, if they don't get all three, even if they get two and three after, if they haven't bought and they get two and number three, those things will push people over the edge and get them to buy. So it's okay if it's not perfect, but I like having them there no matter what, because it just intensifies and builds a relationship indoctrinates them, there's a whole bunch of really cool stuff that you want, okay? I'll show you some examples of those. So that's one big piece of getting people to actually show up to your webinar and be having more likely to buy. One, again, I'm scared to show this one because this is another level deep, deeper that most of you guys shouldn't do yet, but just to kind of think in your heads. In the final hacks one I'm going to show you guys is each of these three intensification videos, not only does it pre-sell them and get them excited, I also give them a call to action on each one to get them to get a free trial of the click funnels, okay? Remember yesterday I was showing you guys our stats here in the webinar, yeah, so we did the $23,000 live on the webinar, which is sweet, right? But the cooler thing for me is that we had 140 people who registered for the webinar, who put in their credit card and got a free trial of the click funnels, okay? So for me that's $14,000 a month. Over the year that's $100,000, it's a lot more money than this, right? So math is not a big topic for me. Anyway, you guys get it? Anyway, so that's what's kind of exciting. You don't have to, you can actually sell in these things. What we found is if you sell something expensive it'll hurt your sell back here, okay? It's not to do like a big sell, but a lot of times little tiny things, so like a free trial here, or if you have a free plus shipping product, or things like that, lower ticket things. And so the way I position is like, hey, webinar's happening, go do your homework, go invest, for me it's go get a free count and click funnels so you can play with it, so when you show up the webinar you'll be prepared. And that's what people are like, oh, they go and get these accounts. In the past when we've done it for information products, a lot of times I'll be like, hey, this webinar's talking about high ticket secrets, let's say, right? And so a lot of people who want to take a secret step don't understand how to get traffic, so I put together a really cool report for seven bucks to show you how to get traffic, go get this and read through it before the webinar starts, that way you've got some more information to be prepared, see how that works? So it gets people in that whole buying motion, and a lot of times you'll make a lot of money just before the webinar even starts just by adding in little things like that, okay? The key is that they'll be small price points and they've got to be positioned like as homework. If it's not positioned that way then it's taking people away from like, from this which is the focus. Do you have some money? Yeah, we have, in fact in the books there's a script I'm going to show you for the videos and we'll go to that in a little bit, because you're right, there's kind of a balance there. I almost look at it more, like you'll see some of the ones we made and it's more entertainment than, it's not, there's not education, but it's, there's a blend, so kind of walk through that. If you have questions after that we can go dig deeper to it, but yeah, definitely see what you're saying. Cool. Okay, so indoctrination sequence and then, again, pushing people to the little homework, like low, super low ticket homework things or trial homework things, things like that and I'll show you guys examples here in a minute so it'll, it'll make more sense. I just want to kind of get all the ideas out. Okay, a couple other things we do to get people to make sure they show up here on the webinars. It's a little bit harder right here right now, I don't, we don't have a super easy way, but inside of the automated webinars, the new update which they've either pushed live right now or supposed to be going live next day or so, when they register it asks for their cell phone number and then you can do text messages ahead of time. And so we found the works, one of the best ways to get somebody to show up to your webinar is doing a text message 15 minutes ahead of time saying, hey, webinar's happening, don't forget, here's the link. And so inside of Clickphones what's cool is that that is now a new field in here. You just have to get, there's a couple third-party auto responder services that are super cheap, you integrate into your Clickphones account and then in there, in the sequence here, you just plug in your auto responder sequence as well and you can say send out, excuse me, your text message sequence and say send this one, send this text message out immediately, send this one out a day before, send this one out 15 minutes before, send this one out three hours later to get them to buy and you can also tag that with, it tied them into any one of these things, yeah. So I get that you're saying it's easier in the automated webinar than in the live, are you saying it's not possible or is it possible? Right now the integration is super easy in here. All you have to, you kind of make it happen here, all you have to do is you have to add another field and again inside Clickphones we don't have an easy way yet to just sync that into your, into your text message platform but we will in the near future but we can just add a field there and in fact I know a couple of you guys have done that after you gave everyone a register, I think that's what you did right and export them all and then just manually upload them in text amount. Cool and then I said in the near future the plugin we built for this will be also added to this and so it'll be able to do but it's not there as it's like right now. So good questions, try to think what other things I'm sharing people get people on. Oh another big thing is one of the big things that we did to get people to show up at the webinar and you guys noticed this I talked about like hey guys I'm gonna give a free funnel for anyone who shows up on the webinar but you have to be on their live, if you're not live you do not get it okay and I keep talking about this live thing live thing so like what's the thing that they have to be on live that you will have access to like using that throughout the sequencing as well like this is the thing you can only get if you show up live, only get if you show up live and keep pushing people that direction okay. So those are some of the core things there's a lot of little tricks and things we can talk about but those are the core ones the other one that's really good and go to webinar and hopefully you guys saw me do this yesterday so did you notice that 10 minutes before the webinar started I logged in to go to webinar and I changed the title of the webinar because anytime you change the title of the webinar there's a little button says notify all all all attendees and go to webinars got super good email deliverability and it'll email all your all your attendees for you so two hours before the webinar I logged in to go to webinar I changed the title of my webinar from funnel hacks blah blah blah blah to star star starting in two hours star star and then my title and it says do you want to notify all the participants I said yes so two hours ahead of time go to webinar email everyone and the subject line says starting in two hours funnel hacks webinar so they're like oh two hours they get a warning and then an hour before go to webinar automatically sends one out and then I went 10 minutes before and I changed the title again and send out a whole another email again okay and that's been dramatic forgiveness to get people to show up from the go to webinars because go to webinar keeps pounding them and what's cool is that if someone gets upset and they click spam or whatever it doesn't affect me at all there it's just go to webinar that it's affecting and so we let go to webinar just pound these guys over and over again which is kind of cool so a couple other tricks this one used to be really easy to go to webinar and their newest update made it kind of a pain in the butt but what was cool that you can do is you can you can roll over webinar and so the way it used to work is when the webinar is over go to webinar would sit on there for like an hour for an hour you could log back in the webinar is done you could change the date on the webinar so some of you guys who are my webinars you probably saw this before where you get done with the webinar and then all of a sudden go to webinar send you an email saying the date has been changed the webinar till tonight at seven and you're like that's kind of weird but what happened is all these people who missed it see that and they're like okay cool and then they show up again tons of people who showed up the first time for whatever reason they're like oh the webinar's happening tonight and they show up again which gives you a second chance to close people and so we used to do that a lot of times when we'd roll the webinar over sometimes like what we do sometimes is we'd have this webinar happen let's say it's Thursday at two and then we'd roll it over again that night at seven o'clock at night the next day we do like three times or whatever and just keep rolling it over and so when you do that there's a couple things you do one you can go and you can just keep doing the webinar live every time but what we would do is that there's a there's a couple people you can hire and I'll post the resources in the Facebook group if you guys remind me there's two guys we hire what they do is that they'll sit on your webinar with you they'll record the entire thing and they do the roll over process for it you say roll over tonight at seven and then Friday at noon five and seven and Saturday however many times you want and then these guys do is that they they'll handle this whole roll over process make sure it happens and then they record your entire webinar and then they these guys have got like I have no idea actually in my head this is what it looks like there's rooms with like tons of computers and then at seven o'clock they push play on your webinar and they play your video file and people all log in and they watch it and then the video just happens and they just keep doing that throughout the weekend and so we do that a lot of times and it's it's really cool this is coming back to Russell being lazy so the best time is that I found is like Thursday at like 8 p.m. eastern but I don't like doing webinars at 8 p.m. eastern so I don't ever do them then and so I usually do my Thursday at like it was convenient for me which is about my lunch hour and then I replayed in that night at 8 p.m. eastern and that's kind of the way that I've done it and what's nice about my market is my market is typically entrepreneurs and most of them who work for themselves and stuff like that and so they can kind of schedule that other markets a lot of times it's different I've got some friends in markets where their their potential person's working or they there's no way they can get it so they'll do a webinar at the same time I do mine and they get like 20 people to show up but do it at night they'll get hundreds and so it kind of depends a lot on what you're doing and thinking about your demographic are they working during the day are they working for themselves or for somebody else you know and so it's not 100% correlate but the best thing I think is still 8 or 9 p.m. eastern on Thursday nights is like that used to be our money time when I was do webinars all the time but that's about my time I play with my kids now so so I lost that hour but ideally that's what it is. Any other questions about that part of it like the structure of the strategy and those kind of things so it comes right here yeah if they come here before it has a countdown clock like one hour left six hours as soon as it hits zero then boom it hits over to the thing and then we usually add in so we'll add in inside of automated webinars like replay pages in fact this is what I kind of told Liz to do and she's been doing is the first replay comes out and they can go and watch it and I don't have the scroll bar so they have to they they sit and watch the whole thing and it drives people crazy but you need them watch the whole thing right otherwise they scroll to the end like the cell doesn't happen so first replay I'm like hey go watch it and I keep I push to this replay page and what typically happens then like the next couple emails my sequence I'm like hey a lot of you guys watch the webinar but you didn't get to see the end or whatever so we put up a special page where you can actually fast forward if you want but I don't give that to him by default so that's the next one so I keep pushing people to replays those who missed it those who don't see the call to action thing and things like that um yeah so that's kind of how we keep pushing people to replace here and same thing here when this is done over here then I'll usually take the the replay the video replay and I'll put it up on a page and click funnels and keep driving traffic to that as well yeah it's typically not good and so that's why I was saying I know you guys can't probably can't see this very good but just listen to it I know that's like the one thing that's frustrating even like that my click funnels demos a video and some people it's a little bit choppy but I kind of tell them ahead of time I hey might be a little choppy so just focus on on that part of it um so yeah you're right it is it is that's the one hard thing it's hard to stream videos through through go to webinar which in fact what's interesting is like the webinar I did yesterday so I got it all done and then I sent it to my brother my brother that takes a video file he like overlays the videos on top for the recording so that they're crisp clear videos again he re-renders it out sends me that and that's the video file I put on the for the replay pages there we are funnel hacks okay so a lot of people ask me to like how do you do these webinars for every single person so what happens is like for example um I created this whole webinar funnel once and then every person when we do webinars with so like here for example this is one I made right here so it's funnology or not funnology sorry uh funnel hacks auto webinar that was the first one I made right built all these pages out and then we set up a webinar with Roger and Barry it's all I did is uh you guys know there's a button you say clone funnel so click the button it clone the entire funnel and then this is what Brent does every jv sets up he logs in and he just goes and changes out the affiliate link and the date and the time on every single page for that person then boom we've got the funnel for them and then we did one with uh Greg Davis we just clone the funnel change out the fillings with Greg's things change the date and time and we had that done then Mike and Andy's and then Peter's and Michelle's and Jeff's and so these are all the people we've done uh the webinar with so far we just went and just clone the funnel and tweak out all the pages so I don't have to go rebuild this every time I have a new partner promoting or anything we just click one button edit the stuff and within five minutes it's ready to rock and roll all right so here is an example let's see if I can find the best one that's your gkac okay so this one is this is one we set up as a as a regular webinar funnel so I'll kind of I'll kind of show this one right now and I'll show you automated webinar and automated webinar one next so if you look over here these are the pages I have in the sequence I got my registration page can you see that very well can we turn the light off over that is that possible or is that what's that noise is that me like better that's probably good right there cool all right so here's the page webinar registration page I actually can't take this so we have it on record this so we have another video for later okay so here's the page so my registration page then there's the confirmation page here's my intensification pages and then replay pages let me show you so here's my registration page I'm open right here a couple things I want you to notice on this and you know I'm gonna show you guys not just this one so there's different ones I'm always big about like a pattern interrupt like something different so my pages look like everybody else's and so that's why I use this picture I went through some of our videos I found a screen capture of it I made it some weird color because it just looks different like I want things just like like you notice every webinar I have it's just gonna look different because I want to make sure that's a pattern interrupt people can you notice right here this like there's no video there's nothing to be pitching it it's just and you can you can have a video on your registration page you don't have to I don't want it any of mine actually actually that's not true the supplement secrets one I did make a video for so I do have one for that one but for this one there's just an image and then right here there's the the headline which the headline you notice is the one thing for my webinar presentation right so you don't have to go rewrite new headlines as long as your headline that you made for your actual does that make sense yesterday we talked about the one thing and then three secrets so the one thing like that's just my presentation title I didn't try to be creative anything like that and then we scroll down my here's my three secrets so if you've done if you've done the perfect webinar all of your copy for your registration pages should be done there's nothing more you need to do if you look at all the ones I show you my registration page is my one thing of my three secrets okay you spend a ton of time architecting and crafting this whole pitch of your presentation it's also the thing that's going to get somebody to want to register okay so I just reused it and then right here this is my my thing that gets them to show up on the webinar so hey I'm gonna give you as a five thousand dollar funnel if you show up but that's it it's pretty it's pretty simple pretty easy and again that's all this is the one thing of my three secrets if I had a video here my video would probably be just my one thing of my three secrets hey this is Russell I'm doing a webinar this week I'm gonna show you my weird niche funnel it's currently making 17 thousand dollars per day but more importantly I'm gonna show you how to effortfully knock it off in 10 minutes and during the webinar I'm gonna cover three secrets number one I'm gonna show you ethically still over a million dollars worth of funnel hacks from your competitors for 100 bucks number two I'm gonna show you how to clone your proven funnel in less than 10 minutes number three I'm gonna show you the same customers by your products blah blah blah right to be honest webinar all you do is register right here and get your your account so that's how I would if I was gonna make a video that's all I would do I'm just reusing what I've already created so you don't have to be super creative any questions about registration page yeah um I just picked one I started hacking around on it um just one of the webinar ones like if you look at yeah it's just um it's the webinar one that's in there it has like you just got four four things across the bottom here and I just got ready to only put two on there and then they had some like weird black or blue background image I just changed it out for background image in my picture now that's about it then we click on this and it pops up boom and they put it in the register there it adds them to the go to webinar and that's page one okay so here's my confirmation page now when you see this a couple things before I show you the video this is where this is the step where I add in if you are going to sell a low ticket thing which again you don't have to but if you do this is where you put it in it's like homework right so before the class do this first one right down date and time number two get your free click phones account that's their homework number three show up live because whatever here's when the webinar is starting let me play this video real quick hopefully you guys can hear it hey this is Russell Brunson and want to thank you so much for registering for the webinar I'm excited to have you on it's gonna be a lot of fun now before the webinar starts there's a couple things I need you to do and all the steps will be down below the first step is you need to put down the date and the time on your calendar so you know exactly when this webinar is happening I do know I want you to miss it I'm going to be covering a lot of really really cool stuff and I know that something you're going to want to be on as well so that's the first step the second step is I'm going to be talking about our new funnel software called click funnels and what I want you to do is I want you to go and actually create a free account down below there'll be a link you click on it go and create a free two-week trial account and don't worry if you decide in the future you don't want click phones you can log in the members area and cancel without talking to anyone but you need that account because during the webinar I'm going to show you some really cool ways that you can not only model my sales funnel but then create your very own and model it almost instantly inside of click funnels okay so that's the second step and then the third step is you've got to show up on the webinar live because live on the webinar I'm actually going to be building out an entire sales funnel for you this funnel is called funnelology it's for a new product we're launching and I'm going to build out the entire sales funnel for you and if you're live on the webinar I'm going to give you a link that you can click on that'll put that entire sales funnel into your click funnels account that means you're going to instantly just for showing up on the webinar even if you decide not to invest in anything that I share with you on the webinar just for showing up on the webinar you're going to get an entire sales funnel that's live with all the order links the upsells the downsells everything inside of your members area it's going to be an entire membership site so if you want a free membership site that I built I wrote the copy for I did all the work you want me just to give it to you you go and sell it keep 100% of the money all you got to do is show up on the webinar okay does that sound fair awesome so those are three steps again step number one block out the date and time step number two get your free click phones account and step number three make sure you show up live so I can give you a free sales funnel and again it's not just the sales funds the sales funnel with a product with a membership site and all you got to do is start selling it and you keep 100% of the money it's pretty awesome right so I will see you on the webinar follow the steps down below and I'll talk to you here really really soon thanks you guys okay now a couple things I want to kind of know see I mute that right just leave it all right you notice that I sold the webinar really really hard at this step right but I didn't so much sell it hard on the first step the reason why I mean and this isn't always the rule but for the most part like curiosity is what gets people to sign up right and so I wanted to get them really curious here so like this is something where you're just like what is that like what could that possibly be right it's 100% curiosity based if I would have put the video on this page and they're like hey come on the webinar I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do this I think my conversion on this page would have dropped dramatically because I'm trying to oversell it where I want to get someone to to get someone to say yes and subscribe it's all curiosity play right but now that the curiosity is done now we've got them now here's where I start selling them harder on this is why you need to show up and this is what's going to happen and the bonuses and and so I sell them harder on the second page than I do on the first okay and that's kind of the reason why and again here's where I push people to the trial so like I said from the little campaign we did over the weekend 140 people got that that free trial they actually had to put their credit card into the free trial so it's legitimate people okay now again if I if I was let's say I was had a webinar like Anthony right in the weight loss space something like that maybe I would have something that like hey before you come on this thing I'm gonna be talking about my my favorite like 15 minute workouts and I know that all you guys want one so I actually made a video this is my best 15 minute workout you plug it in you can just go and do it all you got to do is it's seven bucks you'll get it for for seven bucks you have this thing but do it you know buy it right now do the workout once before you show up live because if you do that it's going to make so much more sense everything we're talking about okay so that's the kind of offer I want to put on this page not something big complex of you know this just taking them away from the webinar or something it's like get this it's super cheap it'll prepare you for the webinar and you just get people into that buying that buying motion and I like doing those okay any questions about the the confirmation page like this everyone gets the funnel for free I told them I was like I was like everyone who stays on the very end I'm going to export your names and go to webinar and I'll email you guys all links to the funnel so they get it they get it all email them out today and they'll get the link to it yeah I started the first time we did the webinar we gave them the link on the webinar and it caused mass confusion people are like the link didn't work I can't figure this out and they're trying to figure out how to get this link to work and they forgot about buying it so we pulled it out of the webinar now we only offer it like at the end yeah and then yeah so that's page number two any other questions on this page okay so that's like again this is the bare bones to be able to launch a webinar that's all you really need is those two pages hook to go to webinar okay now these other things these are things just to help improve the the conversion rate and stuff like that so if you look here inside of click funnels like registration page you see there's a little button here says email marketing right there so you click on that this is where you can set up email sequence to come out of click funnel so notice when they first register they get this email right here which is basically says thanks for registering then these are my three indoctrination videos they click funnels emails out so you can see like video number one they'll get is like hey study anatomy of a 500 thousand dollar month funnel hey just post this video line of the anatomy of 500k month funnel want to see it click here so these are like my indoctrination videos that i'm pushing people to so that's video one video two how to whiteboard your funnel video three is this video three watch and build the funnel in 10 minutes okay so those are the three videos i'll show you here how they work here so here's my video page number one okay oh that's video page two sorry let me find number one there we go okay now before i show you guys i'm gonna show you as part of this video not the whole thing but before i do i want to stress something so i again i'm almost nervous to show you guys this because i don't want you thinking you have to make like a huge hollywood production to make videos cool um i think on yours let's don't you just do like can't avoid video iphone videos so it needs to be about the quality of an iphone video will work like it just needs to be you and your personality doing these kind of things we kind of went over the top because because brandon's amazing film guy and i got him and he's here and we had this really creative fun idea and i asked mandy she agreed to it and so like let's just have some fun so so what we were trying to do is uh we use these videos initially we launched click phones the first time they'll end up using now here in the indoctrination videos but the biggest problem that that we were trying to solve and kind of show people is like hey anyone can use click funnels and you can actually do it if you do it you can do it faster and better than you can with like with the whole time programmer so we made this whole idea to be kind of fun is have mandy who doesn't know how to do websites compete against chris who's my main website designer and see how they see you could build a funnel first so i was like the first initial concept and then it just started going yeah the whole creative thing went on and on and we ended up renting an mma gym and all this fun stuff so i'm gonna show you guys the quick intro who here's seen this video okay i'm actually has the whole thing but i want to show you guys mandy fighting because it's really awesome i hope she doesn't mind i guess i haven't met mandy yet you need to all right oh and the worst thing about the story this is like the the sub story so we're driving in the Ferrari but the for the Ferrari is the worst car on planet earth don't ever buy one like they anyway it died like 30 times like we were parked in the parking lot of the gym and like the the alarm went off and we're sitting in the car with the with the alarm going off and the people are thinking we're stealing it we're driving back home and how many times did i on the way back home like she's like i always want to drive a Ferrari and i never want to drive one again i'm like oh i'm so sorry but video magic you can see any of the embarrassing stuff just the awesome stuff everybody my name is Russell i'm here with mandy fratt and we're gonna take you guys on a pretty fun journey i think first off it's outside it just started raining we have the Ferrari with the top down but uh we're gonna be cruising and we got a couple fun things so first off if you guys haven't met mandy yet mandy uh she is an author and she's a bunch of cool stuff she owns a coaching company called results and coaching they help certify life coaches and help them to actually get clients and uh it's pretty it's pretty exciting so we just actually finished building out a sales funnel with mandy and so we got two cool things to show you guys today the first is i'm going to show you guys the anatomy of a half a million dollar month sales funnel and the second thing is we're gonna get mandy in the octagon so are you excited for that are you nervous at all no it's gonna be awesome so that's the game plan so let's jump in the car and let's go ahead to the octagon come on guys be fun so that's so all right i want to bring you guys here today because we set up a really cool competition against two people that are probably kind of unlikely foes one of them is mandy pratt mandy runs a very successful business but doesn't really know how to design websites set up sales funnel or any of those type of things and the other is chris chris has been working on my team for over four years now he's built out dozens of successful sales funnels and we're gonna put him head to head to see who can build out mandy's new sales funnel the fastest so that's the game plan let's go check it out see who's gonna win come on guys so today mandy who is not a website designer and doesn't have any tech skills is going to be competing head to head with my lead designer chris so mandy i need to know before we get started you know how to design websites no no you ever never done a website okay um do you know the difference between a table and a div a table and a div no i don't know what a div is all right um do you know what css stands for no okay and you're competing against chris design websites yeah bring it now chris has been designing websites for seven years and he's been working for me full time for four years in that time he's built 37 different sales funnels for me seven of which have done over a million dollars in sales and one that's currently doing over 500 000 per month so chris i gotta ask you are you nervous about your competition today no not even a little bit a little bit all right do you think you can build out a sales funnel faster than mandy of course all right um so what's the biggest what's the biggest obstacle you think you're gonna face in beating your nothing you're a smoker okay so let's get this competition started got chris come on in mandy come on in well you guys just shake hands you guys know the rules chris no growing shots mandy no biting kicking anything you're gonna do it should be fun so let's get started ready go anyway that's the good part of the video you guys like that every good man you're gonna applaud she's amazing she's a good sport and she thrashed chris it was embarrassing like literally it was funny because she went through and built out like a seven page funnel while chris was trying to get in photoshop like the squeeze page set up and it was anyway it was really cool so we did this over if you look at the three videos so the first video we kind of set that we set the stage and then i go back to the office and i go when i talk through like the anatomy of our funnel and how it all works how do i end this thing by just clicking a mouse stay tuned for the next video where you're gonna see if mandy has what it takes to take out a million dollar designer will chris lose to a girl and can click funnels actually build an entire sales funnel in less than 10 minutes find out on the next episode so we do that then we go the next episode which is how to design your funnel let's see when we're not gonna watch this one but this one we come back we we're currently we're checking on mic or on chris and mandy see what's happening and then we go back and then this video the funnel the mandy was building we spent some time we actually sketched out on the whiteboard here so so the first i'm gonna i'm gonna go back to the script here in a minute to kind of explain how it's processed the first one the first one i'm showing like this the whole the whole my funnel is making 500 000 here's how here's like the concept of a huge funnel it's making a bunch of money now i'm trying to make this more personal to her so let me come down and we sit down we actually map out her funnel what's it gonna look like what are all the pieces what goes where and so we build out this funnel with her for video number two and then video number three now we come back and we show show mandy destroy chris we have her beat him up which is awesome and then we come back and we do a demo of click funnel so those are the three videos where they're kind of taking them through the process okay so they're kind of fun they're entertaining and it gets you more likely like want to come actually see the webinar so if you go to your books and walk through the scripts we can probably raise the lights for a minute if you guys want um somewhere in this book yeah yeah so it all happens inside a click funnel so what you have do you have to have like uh smtp mail or to do it so send grid or mandril uh the ones i think i use mandril but send grid is good and you add that once inside your click funnel to count and then it'll do all those sequences for you through there yeah all right so go to the book to a page what page is it on i thought we put in this book i hope we did oh yeah page 59 so this is the product launch script if you guys how many guys got the doc on stickers book for your christmas presents all right who's there actually read it so far oh are you serious how cool i'm so excited this is like my first real book um so anyway in the book one of the one of the scripts we talk about is a product launch script and so this is what it is right here and uh i got this initially from if you look at man probably 10 years ago or so um jeff walker started doing these product launches right and did a whole bunch of these product launches people got on and they started doing bigger ones and the other guys came out like andy jankin started doing big ones and stuff and and uh these guys are doing like every time they do a product launch they're using this process they do five to fifteen million dollars or more and uh it's gonna be a really cool process and so uh one day i emailed andy and i was like what's your script like how do you like i know you're not just throwing out random videos what's your script and so he sent me over a script and this is kind of what the script is and i've tweaked it a little bit for for myself but this is kind of the process okay and uh and so for this again obviously we're not doing a product launch as we're doing indoctrination videos here and so i don't use the offer my webinar becomes the offer so i'm not using this in in this sequence at all right here if i was just doing a straight product launch video forward then be me presenting the offer but for our purposes we're just doing the first three and then the webinar does the the pitch okay so video number one right here is called the wow and how okay so for me i'm trying to like if you watch our first video first off i'm doing a pattern interrupt i mean the fun thing with mandy and giving the whole thing but my my baking and trying to wow and how okay so i'm like wow russles got a funnel it makes 500 000 a month i don't know that was even possible you know i'm showing the funnel i blew up big things on cardboard and i'm i'm doing the wow and how right so for you guys the wow and how is like um you're trying to wow someone on whatever your topic is like wow i didn't know that was even possible so i'm not trying to teach him stuff or anything it's more i'm trying to just open their minds like wow i didn't know that was even that's even possible that you can do that right and so um and so this is kind of the basic script and you can go a lot deeper in this but the first thing you're leaving the big promise so for me it's hey i'm going to show you guys the anatomy of a 500 000 a month funnel that's my big wow right number two then is then uh you do the content so for me the content was me sitting from the white board showing all the pieces number three be kill the miss and so then if you watch that video all the way through i go into like um look prior video from when we built this entire sales funnel it took us two months to do it but that's no longer what you have to do in fact on the webinar i'm going to show you guys i'm going to kill these myths that takes a lot of time it costs a lot of money and it's actually something you can do really really easily so i kill the miss and then hook me video number two she saw the hook to the video two you know what's going to happen next is is mandy going to be chris is chris going to lose to a girl i had to throw that line in there because it i just had a mess with chris and um it was so funny that morning when i was like so you're still coming right he's like yep i'm going to lose to a girl on live tv he was like so embarrassed about the whole thing but he was a good sport so i hooked to video number two right so that's my video number one the wow and how that makes sense you guys think about like your overall your big promise the big thing and you got a wow so i'm like what is it like how i help this lady lose a million pounds how i did this great stock trader you know whatever whatever your thing is okay um number two is the transformational education video okay so video one is let's do this together so you're kind of taking your audience now you're doing it with them so this is when i took mandy back to the office and we sat in front of it with the whiteboard and i did this process for her business okay so i said okay mandy what's your product and we we we did it together right so for because the problem is like when i do the wow and how people look they're like wow that's really really cool but that's not going to work for my business i don't have a supplement i'm not russle right that's people start thinking and so number two is you're trying to make this very real worse like let me show you how this will actually work with for you and so i did that by actually taking mandy and and doing it with her like hey man so what's your first product and mapping it out so they can see like wow this is really cool i could actually do that okay it makes it it makes it um a transform education with him so video number partner more let's do it together uh prove this working so here's how it's gonna work here it works um it's out of order anyway how i do it and then hook to video three uh video number three now is the ownership experience so for me now i'm trying to show them like not only conceptually do you get it but now i'm gonna give you this tool so for me video three is me showing them click funnels okay a lot of times it's you guys logging in and showing the back off through your product or it's you showing um you know it's it's kind of giving them that ownership so uh we start with future pacing can you imagine it'd be like when you can fire your designers you can just do this let me show you the process okay um hint to the offer what's going to happen on the webinar you teach your content then you hook again to the webinar okay so that's kind of thing now again it's not a super tight script because it's not like a sales video everything's gonna be scripted out perfectly it's more just it's your personality and kind of and kind of following that process so me again it's it's wow and how give me the big wow number two is then doing it with them and number three is really giving them what they need to be able to do it and all those pieces are are getting more and more excited to actually come here okay is that um barn is that kind of help a little bit more on your side cool yeah so it's not so much that you're teaching or anything it's it's all about like inspiring and showing them what's possible to get them to really want to come in and and be on it here so he asked a really good question yesterday that i'll bring everyone in on so he was talking about it's like most of the marketers are talking about you know starting with a little front end and sending people up and we still do that we believe that but you look at my business right now our our webinars for most for all intents and purposes is our is our core front end right now and he's like well is that hard when people don't know who know who you are to he's like they know who you are it's easy to sell high take a thing but how it's way harder when they don't know who you are and i said i said well the the thing is there's this process right they register these videos are building that relationship then they're on the webinar with me for for 90 minutes was building this relationship so this process we're talking about here you guys it takes a very very cold prospect and makes them very warm fast okay we typically take take you months or even a year of a relationship building to do with somebody you can get that whole process done in one little funnel and so for us we're getting brand new cold traffic in and they're spending a thousand dollars within within a matter of a couple you know days of entering our funnels so that's a great question but yeah these videos if you do them right now um Liz you mind kind of sharing because again i show high productions if you want to talk about for a second just kind of your videos and just how you because i don't know if you follow the script or view your own or whatever i'd love for you to share because i think that for most people that's the way it's going to begin with and i'd love for you to both all of them and she's she taught me something really cool i'm sure you'll i'll kind of expound upon next because do you remember that she showed me this thing i was like i never thought about that it's brilliant so anyway is it yeah hey you're welcome my name is Liz Benny and about a week ago you signed up to hear about my life as a social media manager and how it is that i've created such an incredible life and i wanted to invite you to actually watch the replay of the webinar it was one of those webinars where i gave it my all because i want to help as many people as possible around the world achieve the type of lifestyle it is that i have as a social media manager you see i work part time as a social media manager and i earn more than most people do in a couple of years so i want you to exactly see what it is i've got three massive secrets that i give away on my webinar and i want you to just go check it out because you know what it might not be for you but if it is for you and if you're the type of person that's looking for 2015 to be the best year that you've ever had then please just go watch the webinar if it's not for you that's totally cool but do yourself a favor and go find out because social media is in demand it's highly paid it's lots of fun and you can work part time so again my name is Liz Benny click the link below you'll get taken straight off to see the replay of last week's webinar and i can't wait to hear your feedback see you later is that brilliant for the pre-frame replay i saw that i was like i've never even thought about that before anyway do you want to talk about a little bit though yeah sure um so i i've tried a couple of different things uh in terms of like getting people on um getting people on live to the webinar because i know that that live experience is is always better than than um then replayed right so and i really do give it my all it's i don't know it's just this less energetic thing like when you're when you're live you can it just feels better and like when you have that live experience so getting people on live is really really really important to me so um what i tested out um initially was i i would just walk down the street a couple of hours before the webinar and actually just shoot a real-time live um i would i would grab my iphone 5 and i would walk down the street and go hey guys it's lesia look hey i'm i'm so fired up for the webinar today i can't wait and i would shoot them like a a 19 second video or and that's and that's all it was i would quickly upload it to youtube and then i would send out their messes to every single person that had um registered for the webinar and that was really really cool like i'd tried a couple of different versions of that and then we used those um we actually did some retargeting um with those videos too where i don't know there was one where i was talking to my cat and i'm like i'm talking to my cat like interviewing my cat like just doing goofy stuff like hey are you looking forward to the webinar today my cat would look at me and go like so uninterested but um just doing goofy stuff because i it's actually what you were talking about before like just doing goofy stuff that actually not everyone is gonna like in fact i've had some haters come out it's it's actually quite funny to hear the haters like you're obnoxious and i'm like i'm really sorry that i'm gonna go away now it's fine you can go away and you've helped me a lot with that too but what i um one of my big things is that uh like video allows that that connection so much more um and i actually need to quickly say that that one there was not with an iphone so that was with a um a digital like a dslr i just checked it up on uh on a tripod um my family had gone out and i was like right i'm just gonna shoot a video and that has like a five-dollar graphic river um or audio jungle piece of music behind it that took me and i'm not just glorifying i'm not just making this up like it took me probably 30 minutes in production time from start to finish to have that up on youtube and ready to go and then i just obviously grabbed the the mb code or the url checked it and clicked funnels and then emailed it out so it really is easy and i found that the engagement factor just goes way up when when i do little things like this so 2015 for me is about doing that as much as possible awesome cool did that help perfect yeah um yeah uh because the the market is um social media so it's it's just about using like like the free stuff the fast stuff like i'd at the moment like i know that i can go to wistia and we had actually spoken about this and you were like wisty is really expensive no my wish bills like 10 grand this month yeah so to me it the ROI i was like yeah and also youtube is social media so and and i'm in the social media niche right now so yeah awesome cool thank you um perfect so that's what i want to show you guys it's like it doesn't have to be hollywood production it's just got to be you uh that's one of the other big things people ask me how do you people show up to the webinar and like if you're excited like after you've seen that do you guys want to watch this webinar you're like and she's really excited about this i want to do it too so if you're excited they're gonna be excited little things like that get people in there all right um cool cool um the follow-up emails can i get a copy of those yeah morgan troika can you grab me some of the follow-up emails the the follow-up emails we handed out can i get a copy of the script yeah uh click funnels when click funnels you can like youtube video whatever one of the options is um hide the scroll bar she's hide it and the scroll bar disappears and so we have actually in the replay rooms there's an invisible uh div on top of it so they click it doesn't it doesn't work you can't click yeah and if someone's really smart and they figure out anyway i don't really care because some people are gonna go like look at the source code and figure out and that's fine um if they're that ambitious then they're probably not gonna buy anyway or they're they're gonna buy anyway right but yeah for the most we do have it in the replay rooms and the live webinar there's an invisible div that just blocks it so you can't you can't get to it good question all right next piece of this um so post webinar follow-up emails um i have not been as good in actually in click phones we do have one um but the the one where i had strategically thought it out the most was our dot com secrets local webinar that was the one where i spent forever to build a perfect automated webinar and so for example when liz asked me like what email should i be setting up as a follow-up i didn't have like a good resource so i actually gave her a login about a minute webinar software i'm like it's in there you can go good luck finding it and so she went through and dug it out and i assume you did but yeah i found it so when i was putting this together uh just a couple days ago i was like you know i'm just gonna export those old emails and give them to you guys kind of the template and this template's not perfect but it should give you guys ideas okay and so if you look at this um you guys should all should got this in your book this morning around the desk so these are the emails that we sent out for our dot com secrets local webinar back in the day the links are no longer live so it's it's a dead thing but conceptually it was it was spot on okay so first thing is to register this is the first one they got um you guys see this is basically thank you for the webinars it was happening oh excuse me this is immediately sorry this is immediately after the webinar so webinars over boom like an hour after webinar we send this email out this is the bonus that we promised them so to get everyone on the webinar we told them we're gonna give them this free software called your local shortcut so my new one for funnel hacks it's like hey here's your funnel all of you funnel we promised you and then there's the email hey one thank you get for watching it here's the free thing you got as a reminder here's how you can sign up for the thing i just offered okay so sending an email link to the to the offer there's no email number one uh next one which we sent out three hours later i think since we're watching the webinar a bunch of people joining can't sign up yet sign up right now so i hit them twice in the first day because they're still excited then uh 24 hours later email came in it said name name name so rustle rustle rustle i did that because i remember like 10 years ago i got an email from this marketer and the subject line it said rustle rustle rustle i remember being all stressed out like oh my gosh like he must be pissed at me or something i didn't even think about so that's why i did that one just because i remember that email affected me and it's like hey you know hey joe i want to work you personally stop her up in your eyes read that right it's a huge opportunity we talked about yesterday if you haven't go watch the go watch the replay right now then go sign up so i'm pushing them go watch the replay and then here's how you sign up okay 48 hours later read the say sap and what i did on this one if you think and this is something again you don't have to do but as you go to the next level and you want to keep adding things um people learn through different modalities right for example how many of you guys like watching webinars i was like nobody's gonna raise their hand how many of you guys like uh watching a video sales letter how many of you guys like reading physical like long sales letters how many guys like tele seminars okay everyone like everyone learns and likes to consume content through different modalities for me for example i will never get on a live webinar unless i'm trying to figure out how somebody does their pitch like i will other than that i will never get on a webinar like i can't stand the webinar format i also can't stand video sales letters for me i want a long form sales that i can scroll i can read i can find the pieces i want so for me if you want to sell me something a long form sales letter will convert me better than anything else can you have to understand that the audience is that some people no matter even they register for webinar will never never sign up and so for me what i try to do is i switch modalities and so for dot com seekers local we had a whole long form sales letter super long form sales that are selling dcs local as well um i will be making a long form funilology sales letter i haven't had time to do yet because it's not it takes a long time to do that kind of thing but i will be so this email right here i'm switching modalities on them so i said 40 hours hey read this asap we're about to close the doors i wrote you a special letter talking about it go check it out here and there's a long form sales letter then that's selling that's the same pitch as the webinar a lot of times you have a video sales letter an exit pops out the sales letter version and things like that so modalities just kind of think about like maybe if someone didn't watch the webinar how it's kind of how it's kind of present this offer to them is it through another video is it through something else but thinking about switching modalities 72 hours i start switching to more urgency based so hey you enter out okay pulling software down you got to let me know you knew out are you in your out like you got to make up your decision here's the replay then go sign up okay 96 hours i start again more urgency warning read this asap boom and here's the next one and here again i push them to the to the letter 120 hours later russia brunson's requested work with you personally do you have that one list you have like liz benney's requested to work with you personally curious if you use that one that one works really good because it'd be like russia wants to work with me personally anyway so something like that pushes them again 144 hours here's where i introduced the payment plan okay somebody was asking me oh anthony's asking me this before like how do you if you want to get the high ticket like where do you like for me i don't like having like a payment plan as an option on my my presentation because i want to get everyone who's gotten a thousand bucks pay me a thousand bucks so later in the sequence i'll introduce a payment plan um in the new i would probably looking back now i probably would introduce a payment plan earlier i might have introduced like on email two or three but this one i introduced it here so here they get the payment plan you start for 100 500 bucks i talked about the payment plan and then this one this is our magic email the very last one here that we added at the end of the sequence um and we ended up moving this earlier afterwards but this is the one where we increased ourselves by 25 percent and it's just introduced in the whole paypal uh financing option where it says get started today for zero dollars hey we're closing down doors today i gotta call it baby think the guy there said the other line said if you believe in the system so much why don't you just give it to me for free and then i'll pay you the for the money i make make sense right well i've never been able to do this before but we're able to figure out a way to work with paypal make this happen here's how it works paypal actually let you get started for zero dollars down no payments no interest for six months isn't that great you can get started now get your first few clients before you pay me anything there's one catch and pulling this option down today so this is the last shot boom you get a paypal option there's no more excuses the time for you to officially get started the highest paying part-time job in the world and that's kind of our our cleanup email at the end yeah yeah all that logic happens in here so i click funnel so so uh you you would shift these around um based on that so yeah since someone buys it pulls someone buys it pulls them off of this list and drops them down to the buyer list yeah we did the very end of the sequence so again this is some we had the local running for like a year and a half before we added this and we tested that so then we added that just the back of our thing as i redo it for the funnel hacks i would probably introduce that like on email three or four probably a lot earlier in the sequence than i did here yeah um i don't know if you ever gonna track that for me it's it's always about like like what's going to be the most effective way to convert people with okay for me auto webinar webinars like the most effective way to convert people and then from there i'm kind of just like cleaning up like what else you know throwing a bunch of things out trying to see is it going to be a payment plan that converts it's going to be a letter it's going to convert it's going to be media up on a tell you know like tell some or more testimony like what's the thing is i keep trying to like hit him from a whole bunch of different angles and every time you get another percentage and i've never actually tracked that as each one's gone through that'd be kind of cool to know it's like where the sales came through which email but i've never looked uh that deep i'm just like trying to throw a whole bunch of stuff at it honestly no never look at that number ever if you ever look at it you'll be depressed and you'll be so you just don't worry about it and also never read your customer's port emails right liz i took yeah like i promise you guys that this is actually i'm glad you brought this up because if when you launch your first webinar you're gonna again it's just ups and downs and stuff and you are going to find out that people are really really mean when they're behind their computer and they are like the king of their castle like they are horrible people and they will say anything and they don't even care and um i used to do my own customer support and i'm and i tell you like i get emails and i'm like my goal i'm trying to serve people the best i can right you get emails people just like thrashing you and your family and you're like and you're just like are you kidding me like and like you would literally put me out for like three or four days i'm just like how can i serve people they hate me this bad you know and uh and remember when i fired my very first customer support person and also it was just like i could go weeks at a time like just productively and everyone's like oh someone so said this i'm like and after like two times like two or three times i'm like will you never tell me anything bad ever again all i want is the positive and uh and now that's how it is i don't know anything and it's great because i can keep moving forward and so that's part of it just sheltering yourself in that higher filipino for for a hundred bucks a month you need to and have them do your support but never let them get those things to you because it'll shut you down mentally and emotionally um liz and i have four or five boxers about this where she's just like and i'm like you can't you have to block yourself from that because you can't serve people when you have these people and people are going to attack you from every single spot like you will find out um i remember one thing that made me feel well my wife felt really good because she used to like google my name and she'd be like these people hate you what are you doing and her like family would google my name and like is your husband scam artist i'm like oh man it's really like really frustrating right and so anyway we're at Tony robbins event and i was grateful because uh tony got up there and tony's talking about like how people are just with him like he's gonna try to change the world and people are are attacking me and hating me and all sorts of stuff and he said something that impacted my wife and impacted me a lot he said look there are two ways to build the biggest city or the biggest building in your city he's like one is you can work your butt off and go brick by brick and build the biggest building in the entire city the other way you take your crappy little building and you knock down other buildings all the other buildings around it he's like it's really easy to do that and that's what people do so he's like you just have to understand that like it's nothing personal to you they just wanted the biggest building in the city and the only way they know how to do is tear down other people who got bigger buildings who's like just focus on doing what you do and just ignore all these other people and that like meant a lot to me and for my wife it was big when she finally got that so it's important to understand that the other good advice for this um dan kennedy a little more um not quite as touchy-filly his his advice on this but it was good for me as well he said that if you haven't offended somebody by noon every day then you're not marketing hard enough and i also believe that so yeah just don't worry about it it's gonna happen um one stat you should never track is you're unsubscribe right a lot of times yeah so um like you know the first couple ones i don't because i'm gonna try to get them to watch the replay but then after like email three or excuse me so this one's 24 hours later so then i say this is the process step one watch the replay step two go sign up here so i have the actual order form link in there yeah as a step one watch this step two do this yep yep good question so does that help you guys kind of have a template you guys can copy and use and figure out cool all right we got two more cool things and we're gonna break all right cool so this is the thing why i was thinking about because um some of you guys have very niche webinars and products and ideas and um i was talking to richard about this a little bit i think it's important for everyone so when i was uh when i interviewed vince james how many of you guys have heard that interview the dude that made a hundred million bucks in 23 months selling supplements so he told me this is like 10 years ago and i don't think it's true anymore online but it was back then he said he said the problem with the internet he feels like he said i feel like i'm on a Ferrari the dead end road i sit in it i'm like making a ton of money and then i run out of traffic and it's just i'm done and uh and i remember him saying that i didn't really get it at the time and it's because back then there wasn't a lot of ways to scale traffic you kind of run out of space like you're done right and uh a lot of you guys are going to create offers webinars where you come out there you make a ton of money and then all of a sudden you run out of like you run out of audience like your customers are all gone right and so the more niche specific you get the smaller that that world is and so i want to just give you guys my ideas and think about how to expand that that universe okay so the first one here so for example when we launch click funnels so click funnels this was um honestly it's it's kind of a niche product right if you don't know what a funnel is who's going to buy click funnels you know what a funnel is so my entire universe is people that know what a funnel is okay which is kind of frustrating because that's not a very big world so we first launched our we did a big click funnels launch guess what happened we sold like the thousand people that knew what a funnel was we're in and then after that we could get anybody else because nobody knew what a funnel was right like my i was in the Ferrari and i hit the end of road i'm like crap we closed 100% of the people who know what funnels are now what do we do okay and i was like really frustrated and that's why i was just like man this sucks and so put my head to the drawing board i'm like okay i gotta expand my universe a little bit because because i need i want more money right i want to serve more people i want more people using our platform and so that's when we came out with the funnel hacks webinar okay now the goal of the funnel hacks webinar is to help people to understand what a funnel is and why they need it okay if you look at the whole psychology behind like the three secrets we had it's like everyone kind of has a website but here's here's what a funnel is here's how you find a funnel here's how i not how i clone one and i'm teaching people what a funnel is okay and as soon as i do that it opens up my world so anyone that understands basic internet marketing okay when i talk about funnel hacks they get excited they they go through the process now they know what a funnel is so i expanded my universe okay so now i got all this the way more people i can go and i can i can sell stuff to but the problem is i'm still kind of confined by people to understand internet marketing okay if they don't understand internet marketing like if i walk down to the chiropractor down the street i'm like i got this really cool webinar called funnel hacks you should watch it i can't right i still have this boundary okay now in this in this world i can still make a whole bunch of money right i could probably make i don't know 10 15 million dollars in this world but again i want to like my goal is to build clickfunnels up and sell it for like crazy amounts of money so i need i need bigger right so how do i expand this even further and so for me what we're doing and i'm going to show you guys a really cool video here in a second but my my next goal is i try to expand it so that there's that there's no there's no outer layer right so i'm moving from here to here to here and now like i've got the entire world where i can get anyone so for me is i had to figure out how to how to take um because everyone in the world knows what website is now right at this point so i had to explain what a website is get them to understand that a website isn't all isn't the old thing and the funnel is a new thing then from there i move them into the funnel thing which gives me another funnel which then gets into clickfunnels okay so for example i'll show you guys this this video um this is a video that vince made for me everyone give vince a round of actually don't give him a round of applause you know no he hasn't seen yet he doesn't deserve yet he'll deserve any minute but this is the video he made for me and this was the entire goal so we're making new web webinar registration pages just you understand the psychology is there will be a webinar registration page that has this video on it and then the registration thing for funnel hacks but then uh what's cool is then we can target this very specifically for example i can say i bought um about the death of a website dot com so this is where this whole thing's going to be happening so i have um like chiropractors like warner you chiropractor uh death of a website right and then i'll target all chiropractors here then i have a death of a website for dentists hey warning are you dentists website you're screwed watch this video and then we go through and then what we can do is to facebook target dentists and chiro's and then mlm or and go through every single segment in the world and it just makes my world infinitely big okay so i'll show you guys this video that'll show you kind of how we're trying to bridge that gap darn you max i'm still learning how to use the mac you guys i'm sorry all right let me ask you a question do you have a website if so how's it doing for you let's face it 10 years ago websites were the greatest things in slice bread you could put up a website to sell your product or promote your service you could buy some ads and if you did it right you put one dollar in advertising into your website and you get two dollars back out over the last 10 years competition's gotten stronger millions of new websites are popping up every day ad costs online are going through the roof and the same website that you would put one dollar into ads and hope to get two dollars back out was now losing you money on each and every sale now if this is happening to you then you're not alone and if it hasn't yet it will be happening soon look it's time to face it the era of websites is over in some markets they're dying in slow death and in others they're already dead it doesn't matter how much money you spend or how well you design them or what you try to do now a dead duck is a dead duck so that's the bad news now the good news is just like how CDs replaced cassette tapes when they died and DVDs replaced video tapes when they died the website has been replaced by something we call the sales funnel so what is the sales funnel and how does it work well a lot of that depends on which type of company you own now there are certain types of sales phones for authors and speakers and coaches and consultants and there are different types of funnels for service-based businesses yes that means that all you chiropractors and dentists and realtors are pretty much any other type of service-based business there are special funnels just for you and look i don't care if you're selling information supplements physical products or services there are funnels for almost any type of situation that you can dream of if you have a business there are funnels that will work for it now later this week i'm doing a live web class to show you what type of funnels will work for your specific business i will then show you behind the scenes of one of my very own weird niche funnels it's currently making me about 17 947 dollars per day yeah that's 17 000 dollars per day isn't that crazy but most importantly not only am i going to show you that funnel i'm also going to show you how to ethically knock off this funnel or any successful funnel in less than 10 minutes now that means that you're going to no longer be paying thousands of dollars to a designer for a dead website it means you're no longer going to have to wait weeks or months to start generating leads online after this training you'll be able to be successful online now but would that be worth to you to not wait six months or 12 months or more would it be worth to you to be successful online now that's what this web class is all about now this web class like i said is completely free but the seats are very limited now if you'd like to attend then please register for the webinar right now and block out the time on your calendar we're not planning on having a replay so make sure you show up on time so click on the button below and reserve your seat now like that now give a round of applause she has no vince is the is the inventor of these handsketched videos he invented this whole thing in this industry and since then tons of people popped up but he's still by far the best in in the world so if you want to have sketch a video don't hire anyone else because they all screwed up don't you agree like they do a horrible job on the story and they don't understand the marketing well he's been a marketer first and then he does this and it's just it's it's amazing i guess think it was cool huh cool so that makes sense how we're how we're expanding our universe so i'm gonna kind of just give a couple examples just really quick people in the room so i can kind of show so i was thinking brinney for example right so brinney's got her company what she does she helps people with emotional eating right and and do that through tapping who here knows what tapping is holy crap i'm impressed i didn't know what that was before i met her so for this this is small right you gotta understand tapping so how do you expand that out okay from here you've got maybe more whatever and now here you go like weight loss right so from there you can help people understand weight loss and then bring them into the tapping the emotional eating so maybe you got you've got like tapping here emotional eating here and weight loss here okay um who else is a company i can do this was real quick i kind of think of morgan so morgan's got um they've got so they help people with um their counselors help people recover from from affairs right so this is something that's very specific but again it's it's it's a it's a short road so then you got people who having um uh marital relationship issues and then people who want to just increase and make their marriage is better right so it helps expanding that that universe that kind of help you guys a little bit so think about if your business is like how do you how do you take this and expand it out because that's how you'd make it so that this can keep running years and years down in the future keep growing your business bigger and bigger and bigger okay if you have questions specifically about yours feel free to vox me we kind of figure that out um but initially start here and then you start growing growing out and we just do that by just tweaking the registration pages okay i'm not going to rewrite and hold the webinar for each one i'm just the webinar registration process and things are bringing them closer and closer to where i need to be so i wrote the script for it so i wrote the words and the voiceover and then he takes that and he storyboards out the concept um which is like it's the funnest process in the world you guys like you give them that idea and it comes back you sketch out like a drawing of each one like do you like this and you can kind of tweak things or move things around you say okay so it's good mike it's good and then he goes back and then a few days later sends you the video and like for me this one was cool because um it was christmas eve my kids were gonna always source a present so i was just like you know as a parent like you don't really get any presents and also i get a text from vince he's like merry christmas i sat there and watched the video and i was like dude this is like for me like the greatest christmas present in the world i watched it like 20 times that night and i'm like dude thank you this was like just awesome so anyway so that's kind of what we're doing to it to expand our world 353 so that means if you was making a million dollars a year just by switching the video we're always making three and a half million dollars a year without doing anything different without any extra effort or headaches or just it's pretty cool okay last thing i'll show you guys before the break um where's it at too many funnels all right so i started building out the auto webinar for high ticket secrets because i did that webinar once like six months ago and i'm never gonna do it again because i just don't i know i'm not going to so i started building out auto webinar that's not it where's it at oh there we are so i'm gonna show you these pages and these aren't completed yet but just so you guys can get a good idea of the automated version of of one of these things of this process right here okay so this is my registration page okay you notice right here is my one thing and then down here are my three secrets i had a couple bullet points in here just because when i did the email sequence initially for this i had three or four really good hooks that worked and i was just so proud of my head of plug them in somewhere so i just threw them in here i'm not saying you should do that or shouldn't do that it was more just like i was proud of those words i wanted richard understands copyright or some of these right things here it's like the world needs to see these words so super super nerdy but like that's the only reason um and this video doesn't actually anything you click on it opens up the registration box okay now if you see this okay cool so you can see like when they register they they they pick the date so they can say watch yesterday's replay now or they can you guys see that make it a little bigger again okay so i can watch yesterday's replay now which will take them automatically through the webinar replay room or they can go i'm watching wednesday thursday or friday since i watched it thursday and pick which time is convenient to you and this pulls off of their local time so if they're in indonesia it's six p.m for them which is kind of cool so that's saying like we literally have webinars that are closing sales 24 hours a day seven days a week somewhere in the world and i don't have to be there so they pick the date the time and they register it's that step number one and this is kind of cool added which i'm really proud of i don't think it's limited seating available warning free training almost full anyway i think it's kind of a cool touch so i'm not sure if it'll help or not but just an idea that's a good question it's been a while since we did with text right now you guys notice it's not there in the new update that should be coming out this week you'll be able to add a text message in field if you want and whether it'll be there'll be a little button right here that says like do you want a text message reminder before the the webinar they do they click that it opens up a little box and says what's your cell phone number and what country are you in and then that puts it in and then they'll get a text message i can't remember seems like again it's been we haven't done in click phones yet so i haven't looked at the staff that seems like it was like 30 of people that gave us their cell phone number if i remember right but that that's kind of me just trying to remember vaguely what usually there's a video here i'm not sure why it's not showing up you can hear it but you can't see it the video there by the way that's on this page and i'm going to be using it's it's one that i created for click funnels members and so it's a video if you don't want to make a thank you page video it's there it kind of pre-sells people why they need show up shows them what to do that kind of thing so what happens is it'll plug in the webinar date they picked in the time right here um i'll count down it's not working so anyway there was a countdown clock here that'll show up when this is live this is their this is their specific link so this is this link specific then so they come back to this link it'll drop them on this page with the date and the time that they registered for when the countdown clock gets zero it'll refresh and it'll be into the webinar room they can add to their calendar they can print the ticket and they can share the event on facebook good questions any other questions about that so that's the registration page and then everything else so there's a webinar broadcast room which is just like a page with the video on it i'm trying to create this really cool thing and if it works i'll share with you guys i'm not sure if it will or not where then the webinar will be right here and then i'm trying to make this chat box thing you know in my webinar i'm always like glass of question glass of questions i'm gonna make a box there they submit a question and then it goes to nowhere but then they can feel like they're actually interacting with me and then i also think it'd be cool to have like a little box that shows questions that people are asking and then that way anyway so i'm gonna try to figure out how to make something cool like that i don't know if it'll work or not but if it does i'll give it to you guys and you can plug that in because i think that'll help with people on the webinar like participating and stuff like that we used to back on date have like this little thing on the block it's like here's all the other people on the webinar it was totally fake and i don't think anyone believes in those anymore so we don't do those anymore if you guys see those on auto webinar pages and it's just like at first i was cool till everyone is doing then it's not cool anymore so i'm trying to figure out a new way to kind of break that pattern and that's about it so that's kind of how the webinar the auto webinar is working again that's a funnel inside a click funnels i know there's a couple bugs with it which is why i've been doing this and by the time i launch mine which my goal next week to launch is to take a secret one all of the last set of bugs and stuff will be finished the guys on our team when i when i'm working on a project they usually clean out all the bugs for that thing so if you have had any auto webinar issues so far they should all be cleaned up by this week yeah so the good question so i'm trying to get them to integrate this so the way that it works um somebody shows up like an hour into it you don't want to start the webinar an hour in because then like they missed everything that builds up to it so we're trying to make something where it starts at the very beginning but it pushes them forward like 15 or 20 seconds so it seems like they're they showed up late but then it just cuts they get the entire whole presentation um i think we have something if we don't have it right now we're trying to set in where you can you can select like where you want it to start when somebody comes in um so yeah that should be all live in there this week if not if it's not right now it'll be in live within so her question is like how many how many webinars you need to do before it starts making money and then to take that from so part of it is like with Liz is she done probably two or three that i know of that didn't make money but it wasn't because the webinar didn't work it was because the traffic wasn't there first time she had two people next time nobody showed up and so mike's gonna be talking here in a few minutes and that's gonna be talking about that so a lot of it's you have the right people on your very first time in fact jason's gonna be talking um after lunch i'm gonna have him up here on stage but he does very first webinar i don't want to ruin the surprise yet because first webinar he crashed on the very first one so um so you can have it happen on the first one um and then as far as like when do you say this is perfect i'm gonna set it in stone so when i did i did funnel hacks three times then record an automated version of it my brother's editing is tough and then i had like three or four more live ones after three or four more live ones i like changed it so much i'm like stop editing that just don't touch it and so um i just finally recorded so spend two or three months since we've been doing them i finally recorded on friday the new automated one and hopefully i don't change it again because i'm gonna have that one running for a while and then i might just rerecord that i know that who was it earlier today it was mandy or britney or maybe both of you i was talking about how like they've recorded like they're automated one like seven or eight times because every time you do it or you add new things and you keep tweaking it and you keep rerecording it that's what i think spending spending at least a month three or four times here before you try to do that that way you you mean you'll find so many kinks as you go through and then it's okay this is the one i'm gonna make auto and then from there have it in a perfect world i would but i'm not going to because i'm too lazy if you notice in the webinar yesterday that's why during the actual funnel acts webinar that's why i pulled in all uh chad sells funnel for local businesses like here's a chiropractor who's got a real business student i just plugged that into my presentation so when those guys show up it speaks to them but i'm not retweaking my whole i mean if if i was super um yeah if i was super aggressive i would make a separate webinar for each of these but i'm just too tired to do that an introduction or something yep yep uh yep so we'll make one landing page that has vincent's video on it and we'll have like the death of whatever for chiropractors and yep we'll keep calling that for each of the individual niche so we're gonna go attack and go after i'll probably go in and like if there's an email sequence like here's the email sequence this one right so when brent goes in and and clones the whole thing he'll log in here and here's the email sequence he'll log in each email and he'll change out the link so i might go change the emails a little bit say hey chiropractors hey you know and just kind of do a little bit more editing but when you clone the funnel clones everything clones the emails clones the pages clones everything so you can if you have all email sequences done the very first time they can go back in there just edit each one boom boom boom boom boom and you got it all all the external stuff done okay well we are out of time for right now so what we're gonna do you guys it's 11 10 we're gonna take about a 10 or 15 minute break um mike's gonna come next talking about facebook stuff so he'll be starting at the latest 11 30 but hopefully earlier so let's get everyone back in and uh he's gonna be showing you guys what he did to get tons and tons of people every single week to liz's webinar and give you guys some really good ideas and then um what's cool is that he's um we also set up something where if you guys are interested in having him drive traffic for you and doing this stuff um he can't do it obviously for everyone it hits him doing it by himself so he can't do it for everyone uh but if you guys are interested he's gonna have an application process at the end where you can apply to work with him and it'll be really cool so that's kind of the game plan