Mission #2
Epiphany
BridgE
Week 2
***
***
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 4 --

Mission #2
Epiphany Bridge
Checklist for Today:
 Watch Russell’s Video
 Read the Chapter on Epiphany Bridge in Expert Secrets
 Watch the BONUS Epiphany Bridge Training from Funnelhacking Live
2017
 Go to the One Funnel Away (OFA) community and comment on today’s
mission thread when you’re done with the word - #MISSIONCOMPLETE
One Funnel Away: Week Two
Mission #2: Epiphany Bridge - 1
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 4 --

So many people FORGET what it felt like before they got ahold of the
information that changed their lives. But you can’t forget that, because it was
that journey that led you to the product you’re selling. The Epiphany Bridge
Script helps your prospect go down that journey too so they can feel that
moment of “Aha!”
This concept is SO important, I dedicated an ENTIRE chapter to it in my book,
Expert Secrets. You can pick up a free copy of Expert Secrets here.
The key to your sales success isn’t about becoming an amazing salesperson,
it’s about telling your story in a way so people have the same epiphany you
had. When they do have that same epiphany you had, they will buy.
Mission #2: Epiphany Bridge - 2
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 4 --

This newsletter is for research purposes only. All of the webpages and advertising is copyrighted by
the original owners. You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may NOT use any of the
actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only customers
that have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains material
protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may
be transmitted or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of the author. Violations
of this copyright will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current internet
marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and rewarding.
Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented in this book may change,
cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from this course will
provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet evolution. However, we cannot be held
responsible for changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only
estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as
the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. All product names, logos and
artwork are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or endorsed this
publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the author assumes
no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject matter herein. Any
perceived slights of peoples or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this
publication assumes responsibility for the use of these materials and information. No guarantees of
income are made. The author reserves the right to make changes and assumes no responsibility or
liability whatsoever on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And
Terms Of Use
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 4 --

