Hey everyone, this is Russell. Welcome back to Mission Number Two. Should you choose to accept it, we're going to be focusing today on story and story selling and the Pifany Bridge and a whole bunch of amazing things on how you can get people to buy your products and your services. If you've ever struggled up to this point like, how do I get people to actually give me money or to click on my ads or do these things, a lot of times what you're struggling with is your actual story. And the story is what gets people in a state where they actually come to you and actually buy something. Now if you want to go deeper on this topic, I recommend make sure you get a copy of the X-FORCE Secrets book, make sure you read it. I spend four or five chapters going deep onto story and how to tell story and story structure. I'm going to go over a lot of stuff right now but if you want to go deeper, make sure you get a copy of the X-FORCE Secrets book. I'm assuming you probably have at this point but if you don't get it and read the sections on story, it's really the key to persuasion. Every step in the funnel from the ad to the landing page to the sales page to the upsell pages, all we're doing is telling stories in a very specific way. And the good news about this is not complicated, it's not something to stress out about, it's actually really simple. In fact, for most people they're already overcomplicating and I'm going to strip it back and make it more and more simple. And so to do that I'm going to kind of sketch out a couple concepts that will help you guys. So if you look at whenever you're selling something, the biggest key for you is to figure out, so go back in time and figure out like when was it that you got sold on the concept, right? If you're selling a product or service or whatever, what was the thing that sold to you? Okay? I always think about this whenever I'm selling how to make money or business or whatever, you know, funnels, things like that. I always think back about if you've read the Dotcom Secrets intro, you remember when I was like 12 years old I started collecting junk mail and I started getting so much junk mail in the mail every day that the mailman couldn't fit it in the mailbox. So he'd give me the junk, he'd like knock on the door, give my parents the junk mail. I get home from elementary school and I'd open these sales letters, I'd take my big stack of junk mail, I'd go to my room and I'd start reading the sales letters. And for some sales letters I'd read and I'd be like, ah, I'm boring, I'm boring, boring. And some I'd read and I'd be like, oh my gosh, I need to get my parents to give me their credit card. I'd go and beg my parents for their credit card, right? So for me I'm always going back to that time, like what was the thing, like what would get Russell excited? What got me excited? Like why was I excited about this topic, this thing, right? So the first step in telling good stories, you have to go back in time and remember when you were a normal human being, okay? So I have to remember before I got excited about funnels. Like what was happening? For you it's like whatever your business is, some of you guys are into weight loss, finance, physical pride, everyone's got a different thing you're selling, right? And so think about like when your life was normal before you got your superpower, before you became obsessed with this thing that you do, right? So what was that thing, okay? So go back in that time, like when was it? Was it, you know, when you were in high school? Was it when you were young? Like what was the thing that happened? And then when you remember like what was the experience, something happened to you that took you out from being a normal human being? Like I remember like when I was a kid, I was like a, you know, I'd come home from school every day, I would get a bowl of Rice Krispies and I'd sit there and watch cartoons for two hours, I was eating Rice Krispies and then when cartoons got done, my parents would call me in and we'd go have dinner and I'd go to bed. Like that was my life until I started wrestling. So in my wrestling world, like what was the thing that, like what was it that got me off the couch eating Rice Krispies or Cheerios and got me into wrestling? And I still remember the experience, like vividly for me, the experience that happened was my dad forced me to go to wrestling practice. He was a wrestler, so he forced me to go, I went going and I didn't like it. I was okay, but I wasn't that good. And then this one match, it was my freshman year and I had been like third of four string and I finally beat the JV guy, which meant that I was Junior Varsity, I was second string and I got invited to go to this tournament. I came to wait and turned him to my high school and the kid that I'm wrestling, he comes out and he has a mustache, like legit mustache. I'm still to this day can't grow a mustache. I'm hoping someday I can. But I remember like I was so scared, I'm like I'm wrestling a guy with a mustache. And went up to the, after Wayne's went up to the basketball court, they put wrestling mats down and we had the tournament and I remember looking at the stands, it was like my mom and dad and nobody else in the stands, I was about it. I walk out to the restless guy, shake his hands, I'm looking at this mustache and I'm like, I'm in big trouble. And we start wrestling, right? So we're going through this thing, we're wrestling and somehow at the end of the match, I end up winning. And I remember standing up and looking at this guy with this look in my eyes, just like, oh my gosh, like, I can't wait to beat this guy has a mustache. And I beat him, I shook his hand, the ref raises my hand, I look at it, my parents, my dad's jumping around like crazy. And like that day, I became a wrestler. That day, I was like, I had this experience and I was like, nothing else matters. I'm not going to do basketball or video games or TV. I just want to rest. And for next, he's like 20 years of my life, that's all I did, right? And so that was my experience in wrestling where like, I shifted from being a normal human being to like, I'm a wrestler, right? For me, business was the same thing. Like I was a normal kid and I was like, something happened to me that got me excited about business, about funnels. And so for you, I remember like, what was that thing that happened? Okay, and after that thing happened, you had this emotional experience, it took you on this journey, right? And I call this the epiphany bridge. So you had this epiphany, I'm going to be a wrestler, funnels are amazing, you have whatever that thing is, it hits a big epiphany, like, oh, this is awesome. And then you go on this journey where you are obsessed with it, right? And you geek out on it and you love it. And so you come over here on the end of this journey. And here's you. I'm going to put glasses on now because what's been happening for the last two years, you've been geeking out, like studying and learning and like nerding out, like figuring out all the concepts and the terms and everything like, now I'm in wrestling, I'm talking about hooks and angles and like, directional things and single-a, double-a, high-crack, like all this stuff for wrestling, or in funnel world, I'm like, talking about analytics, split testing, you know, all those different things, right? All the geeky stuff. And so what happens is the worst thing on earth is we start getting this thing, we call it techno babble, right? Where we just like, know everything, okay? And now we decide that we're going to come and we're going to change people's lives because like, this changed our life, I want to change people's lives. So we go and we find this little like customer who's walking along the street and they're like normal and happy. And the first thing we do is we come and we jump out there and we're like, ah, how's it going? And here's you with your glasses on. And you also start spewing out all this techno babble on them. And the person's like, oh, and they get all freaked out and then they leave, right? Because you scare them, okay? You have to understand that techno babble was not the thing that sold you, right? This isn't what got you all excited, all the technical things behind it. Like later, after you had this life-changing experience, the epiphany you came over here, and then you learned the techno babble that you geeked out, but the techno babble is not how you sell people. So the worst possible thing you could do. Nothing like will repel customers faster than you talking in techno babble, okay? And so this is where most people struggle. And so I see it in your sales videos and your Facebook lives and your podcast where you're going through the techno babble trying to explain technically how these things work and your audience's eyes are glazing over and you're losing them, okay? If you really want to have an impact on people, you have to remember what was it that got you to start this journey, okay? Something emotional happened. They came over here and so this is what started you on the journey and then over here, you logically convince yourself that it's amazing, okay? So emotion, people buy things emotionally and they justify things logically, right? Like for example, let's say you went to the car lot and you see like your dream car, you see a Ferrari and you're like visualizing and you're like, oh my gosh, this thing's amazing. You sit and you're like, can you feel that? You rev the engine, you fill it and you're like, I have to have this car. So you go and you have financed your house, you finance everything, you buy the car, you drive it home and your wife's like, dude, what are you, why would you buy a Ferrari? And you're like, well, honey, understand, like it gets really good gas mileage and you start logically trying to convince the other thing, right? That's what we do as humans because we emotionally buy things and we logically try to convince ourselves and that's why we did it. But if you're trying to sell somebody something, logic will not ever sell somebody something. It's the emotional experience that gets them to buy. So you have to get back and start telling these stories that give people the same emotional experience that you had, okay? That's the big secret. That's the big aha. And so a good example of this when the second Funal Hiking Live, we had Marcus Lamonus, who is the guy, if you guys have seen the TV show, The Prophet, he was our keynote speaker. And so we set up ahead of time because I was like, I want to hang out with Marcus because he's like the coolest person ever. So he was speaking by saying, you know, I need 30 minutes ahead of time to talk to Marcus about whatever. So before he got on stage, we had this time, he sat in a room and he was out walking the halls and saw like the event. And if you guys have come to Funal Hiking Live, you know, it's like, it's a party, like people going crazy. And anyway, he came to the event and he was like, he's like, what's happening out there? I'm like, oh, it's our event. And he's like, I thought you guys are a website builder. I'm like, yeah, we, I mean, we are, we build funnels, but it's similar. And he's like, then why is everyone so excited out there? He's like, I don't get it. And so for me, I was like, I'm instantly like, I got to explain to him what a funnel is. And so I'm like, well, I start explaining, a funnel is cool because you have like upsells and downsells and you can have, you can like, you split testing and I start bruise, spitting out this techno babble, right? And almost instantly I see Marcus's eyes glaze over. And I'm like, oh, crap, I'm losing him. What do I do? What do I do? And I was like, why am I excited about funnels? And I was like, oh, I switched back here. And I remember like, what got me excited? I said, you know what? I told him my story. Like when I first got started in business, I started talking about my potato gun and how it worked and how the whole thing failed. And I figured out upsells and downsells. And then when it happened, then all of a sudden like, it opened the whole world to me. I had this epiphany. And then I started doing funnels and all sorts of industries and businesses. And eventually we did it. And like, and I explained the whole thing, I explained my epiphany bridge story about how I got excited about funnels. And Marcus is like, oh my gosh, he's like, well, how would a funnel work for this kind of business? And I'm like, why would do this? Like, what about this business? And I'm like, oh, this, and I explained four or five businesses. And he goes, huh, he's like, every business needs a funnel. Okay, did you hear that? He said it. He had the epiphany. I told him my story. My job is not to say, and Marcus, the big epiphany I had was this. Because then it's like, if I give him the epiphany, it doesn't mean anything. He has to experience the epiphany. So I'm telling him my story about this journey I went on and what I found at the end of it. And then if I do it right, he's going to have the epiphany like, oh my gosh, I need a funnel. Oh my gosh, the secret is ketosis. If I, if, like that's what I need to do actually is wait. Oh my gosh, I need a financial planner. Oh, I need to get my back adjusted. Like whatever your thing is, right? I need to have them have the epiphany of like, oh my gosh, that's, that's the big secret. Right. And so that's the game. That's what story is all about. Right. It's not about logically trying to convince people of things. It's coming back and remembering the story that got you excited. Okay. So I want you guys to go back in time. Like, why are you so excited about your topic? The thing that you sell, what got you so excited about that you need to remember and get yourself in a state where you can like go back and actually tell that story and then you're going to tell that story and that's what gets people excited. Okay. You give them the epiphany, then they'll go geek out. Right. After Marcus had the big epiphany, then he was like, he's like, every business, he's a funnel. And I was like, yeah, it does. And he said, do you want to be on the show? I'm like, yes, I do. And then he went and started geeking out and started telling the team about like, got everyone on board for us to come and build funnels. Okay. But it wasn't because I logically convinced him because he had the same epiphany. Okay. So for you, it's the same thing. And so, and again, this is why I think you should go deep. Like read the expert secrets book. We go into story structure a lot deeper. Because one of the big things is like, it's a concept I call state control. State control. Okay. When I'm telling the story, it gives me a chance to control their state. I need to get them to feel the same way I felt when I was experiencing this. If I was like, oh yeah, I built a funnel, I sold potato guns and it was awesome. If I tell them that, like, they're not going to have the epiphany. Right. I need to control their state. A good story will control the state of the listener who's there. It forces them to feel what you felt when you were there. Think about movies. In film, we see this all the time, right? When you're sitting there watching a movie, you see the character, you see their eyes, you see the environment, you see all this stuff happening. And you, and because that you're able to feel what's happening, right? But for most of us, not producing full-length videos with Hollywood budgets and stuff. And so, I have to be able to tell the story in a way that gets people to feel. Okay. Like when I was telling you guys this story earlier about my wrestling, I kind of just like, oh, I wrestled this guy, he had a mustache and I won and it was awesome. I started talking about, like, I shook his hand, I was nervous. I saw my parents in the stand and I was so excited. And then I started wrestling, I was freaked out and then I got done. I, like, he lifted my hand, I got it raised. I saw my dad jumping around the stands. I'm like, I tell you that, also, you put yourself in that same experience, right? And you're like, oh my gosh, this is, this is, this is amazing. Like, and now, also, you had the epiphany with me. You felt that with me, right? And so the better you get at stories, the better you're going to be, you're going to be at controlling the state of the person listening so they can have the actual epiphany they need to have. Okay. Now, again, at first, when you do this, you're going to suck. Okay. That's why we have you committed to publishing every day for next year. Because every time you do this, you can get better and better and better. You're testing your material, right? First time I tell this thing, ah, I didn't really land. Second time I tell, ah, I didn't really land. Third time it's like, oh, part of that land, like, I saw there, I saw them in the aha moment, but they got confused over here. I used too much techno babble. Let me, let me clean it up. Let me tell the story again. And so you keep telling these stories over and over and over again, until you start mastering, until you start getting rid of your techno babble. These stories, you're able to control the state of the person listening to get them to have the epiphany. And this is what the goal, like this is what I'm trying to become better at, is becoming a better storyteller. Okay. Because if I can tell a good story and have somebody have the epiphany, I don't have to sell them anything. People are saying, Russell, you're an amazing salesperson. I'm not that good of a salesperson. Okay. All I'm going to do is tell you a story, they get somebody having epiphany. And then I just tell them, like, this, this is, like, you should geek out too. Buy my thing, you can geek out with me because this is like the most exciting thing on planet earth. Right. And so that's, that's what story is, you guys. So what I want you guys doing is I want you guys practicing this. Okay. In fact, tomorrow we're going to be going into actually your origin story. So I want you thinking back in time and like, what was, what was the, the reason why you got excited about whatever it is you're excited about. If you're into funnels, if you're into weight loss, if you're into financial planning, if you're into dentistry, chiropractic, if you're a financial planner, if you're a videographer, you were on an agency, like whatever it is, like, what was the thing that got you excited about this thing that you're doing. And I want you to make sure there's no techno babble. Start thinking through this. Okay. Because tomorrow we're going to start breaking it down. And you're actually going to be publishing your, your origin story, your first story on whatever platform you picked yesterday. Okay. So that's the key. Now, a couple of things for your homework is hopefully you have the expert secrets book. If not, I'm going to put some of these, these, these resources in here as well. But if you go to page 123 in the expert secrets book, like I said, I will put some of these pictures in here as well. Actually, if you go back to page 114, this is the epiphany bridge script. So tell me stories. One thing like, how do you break it down? Like, what's the actual process of how to tell a good epiphany bridge story? Okay. There's a journey you take people on. And I'm not going to go too deep into it right now. But we'll put, actually, you know what I'm going to do? I will post in the, in the members area, Funnel Hiking Live, I gave a presentation where I explain the kinds of epiphany bridge stories so you can hear it again because repetition is a big part of learning. Have you watched that again? And then inside there, I actually share the epiphany bridge script from page 114. I show it like, how do you tell the back story, the wall, the epiphany, the plan, the conflict, the achievement, the transformation. Like, I'll walk you through the story arc that we use for our stories. And then after that, I'll share with you the actual questions. So if you're trying to figure out, like, how do I tell the story? I'll say, I've never told a story. I'm confused. There's a bunch of questions. So if I was to ask you for your origin story, these are the questions I would ask you. Let's say I'm interviewing you and you try to get your epiphany bridge story. I'd say, Hey, so and so. So tell me your back story. What's the back story that gives me an invested interest in your journey? And you're like, Oh, well, the back story is, and you can tell me the story, the backstory, right? And then it's like, what was it that you were trying to accomplish when you kind of went on this journey? Okay, what was the external struggle you're doing? What's the internal? And then what was the wall or the problem you hit when you were trying to figure this thing out? And what was the epiphany you had that made you like understand the thing? And then what was the plan you created that took you on this road? And was the conflict you experienced along the way? What was the, the, the achievement you had the beginning at the end and the transformation? Okay, so this is like this, the story of how we go. So I'm not going to reteach us right now, because I think it'd be more efficient if you watch the presentation for lacking live. But it's going to go through this whole story arc and how you can actually tell your stories. And you notice that this, this, this story plot line is in all major movies, all major books are following the same storyline. So it's good for you and me to start mastering this become better and better and better doing it. In fact, somebody has no Kailin Poland who runs Ladyboss weight loss. She's something interesting too when she was trying to get other people's stories, because after a while you may run out of your own stories, you're trying to find other stories or you want to find stories that are going to affect a different audience. And so what she started doing is she started interviewing her, her customers are having success. And she said, you know, if you look at Kailin, like she, she appeals to like a certain demographic, right, people that relate to her, but there's other demographics that might not relate to her as much, saying she's with me, saying they will be true with you. Right. Like the person who's like typically people in business suits who have been in business 50 years of life don't relate to me nearly as much as like the younger people who are like trying to figure out like how to change the world, have a big impact. Right. Like there's different audiences that, that will connect to different people. And so for, for Kailin, she was like, you know, the audience segment I'm missing right now is like, is, is moms because at the time she didn't have any kids. Right. So she's like, I don't have any kids. I need some moms. So she found a bunch of her success stories who are moms. And then she said, Hey, I want to interview you on Facebook live and I would tell her, tell the story. So she had those people basically come through the Piphany Bridge script on page 123 and she had them fill out a form answering these questions like number one, what's your backstory? Number two, what was it you were trying to accomplish? What was your external, your internal desire? What was the wall? What was the Piphany, the plan, the conflict, achievement, transformation had them fill out a whole form answering all those questions. Okay. Like writing their Piphany Bridge story for her, then she had it and then she interviewed each person and the person would tell this story and she's able to get the Piphany Bridge from that. Okay. So if you're doing a podcast or an interview show, this is a great way to interview next, someone who you're interviewing is to get them to tell their story, how they had the Piphany for whatever it is they did. Right. If you're doing, if you're trying to tell your own story about something, it's the same thing, that the questions will lead you through how to tell the Piphany Bridge story the right way. Okay. So that's the goal. That's the homework for tonight. I want you guys to go and watch that next video to go deep into story and start thinking about, I want you to understand what was your origin story. Okay. That's what we're focusing on tomorrow is your origin story. Okay. What was that? What was the thing initially that got you excited about what it is you're going to do? Cause that's going to be very first blog post for my writers. It's going to be first podcast episode for the audio people. It's going to be your first Facebook live for those who are doing Facebook live. So it'll be fun. That's the game plan. Do your homework, geek out on the story stuff, print out the story structure, having like, I literally, I print these all the time. I've got my Piphany Bridge script. I've got the Piphany, like the longer form, the story arc here. I've got the questions. Like I print these things out all the time. Yes. It's been the same thing. Like when I'm doing my stories, a lot of times I'll sit down and be like, okay, there's the, there's the script I got to follow. Here's the question. So if I get stuck, I'm like, what do I say? Okay. Backstory. Okay. So the number one guys, let me tell you the back story how I got started. And I'll tell the story. And I'll be like, okay. The thing I wanted to accomplish was, and I can just look at these really quick as, as notes, as I'm telling, excuse me, telling my story. Okay. And so in fact, I will show you guys tomorrow. I'll show you guys an example of me doing my origin story, following the script to a T so you can see exactly how it works. That's not like fun. All right. That's the game plan. You guys do your homework and I'll see you tomorrow.