Now you could go screw with his territory. You could plus it put a trade show in that month. You could, you could, it doesn't matter what you changed externally, this guy made four grand. He didn't make much less than four grand, but he never made more than four grand. His dad made four grand? I mean, if he had in his head, he was a four thousand dollar guy, and he can't fix it. They tell me in sports, there's guys who will always come in as a backup quarterback and have a great game. But if you start them, they're first. Shit, they have a terrible game. They got in their hand, they're not a start-up. And if you don't fix that, you could do anything, you could give them the best defense of lying in the business. You could give majority bices a receiver, you could have them play a high school team, you start them, they still have a crappy game. So there's a factor at play there with a sales force that screws up applications of all other formulas. And specific to the issue in the example you laid, if you look at marketers like Boardroom reports, or you look at a lot of what Ted Necklis does, I mean, his second most successful ad for the asset protection guide, you know, is all based on, I forget the exact headline, but it's, you know, what would happen if a lawsuit or the IOS took your home car and all your personal belongings, you know, and the ad actually sells a book of forms to keep your corporation hard. He's tested, I mean, he's tested in that environment, the loss argument against the game argument over and over and over again, and lost out polls any day of the week. My therapist comment, people come here because they're on the verge of losing their marriage, not come here with a good one to make it better. So I think given the opportunity to do one or the other, it's always easier to sell based on the fear of loss. Therefore, home-based business, like you were talking about, I would like your time of time to call all the horrible things that can happen. You're working, you're a middle manager, you can get laid off any day, there's the end of the path, you're out, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. If you don't invalidate job security, you don't sell opportunity because you could show them all day long exactly what you said, how to make an extra $10,000 a month. It ain't good of a rule. It's not good of a move unless you invalidate what they've already got and make them afraid that that is an illusion. One of the questions is, you've done a good job of hearing crap out of them. Now, now you can give them the promise. The promise you make, I mean you can make all kinds of promises, the reality is in the house you make a great promise. It's unbelievable. It's a little better life. Is it a great life like Tom Boole? Or is it a little better life? You're going to put a couple hundred bucks extra on the table. Given the time and the chance to do it, I will do both. Okay? I'll paint the giant picture and then step it down with them. You don't want this. So I'll literally, the gold-loyce plane, blah, blah, blah, but even if you did half as good, even if you chose only to work one day a week, even if you, and I'll do the mental invalidation with them. If I don't have time and I don't have the opportunity to do it, most of the time I'll go with the big picture and let them do the invalidation on their own. The focus groups on personal power, the buyers told us that they didn't believe it. Forget the non-buyers. The buyers told us. They didn't believe the castle was his. They didn't believe the helicopter was his. They didn't believe the fees he said he's getting. They didn't believe he was getting whatever he says in the show, 35,000 dollars in cash. They didn't believe any of that, but they bought anyway. So what did they do? Well, what they did is they mentally backed it off. Now, they might not be able to denunciate that does consciously, but that's what went on. They sat there and said, I don't believe the castle's his, but I don't want to castle anyway. If I just get my house paid off, I'd be happy. I don't believe he's making a 35 grand a day, but even if he's lying by 10 times, he's making 10 times more than I'm making. So that's what happens. The same thing happens in Waples. That's why the big claims. Okay. I mean, I don't believe this to say, yeah, I don't believe. I probably won't go right through an ad, but 30 pounds thinner in six weeks on delicious diet cooking. Well, so you read the thing and you say, I don't think I'm going to lose 30 pounds, but you know, Jesus, if I lost five pounds, I'd be a pretty happy camper. Maybe it'll do that. And that's what happens. So if I'm restricted by space, time, you know, whatever, I'll tell the big story and the big story all the way. Given the opportunity to do so, I'll tell both. With testimonials in a show that's a money making show, we'll always try and show both big and small. In the U.S. Gold Show, we deliberately didn't show anybody getting a Cadillac or a Lincoln or anything. We showed one guy getting a used motorhome. Big. We're looking for a motorhome. But he clearly says he bought a used one. And they always wanted one of these. And now we drive around the country and this thing, and you know, and we showed another woman got Carver dreams. It was a new red Acura. And then we had another couple talk about making an extra 300 bucks a month, I think, to send their kids to school. So we ran the gamut, you know. Yeah, sure. I got 30 minutes. The next page is kind of a checklist of the positions you can put yourself into right copy. First person direct is a direct sales pitch. You know, it's, hi, I'm Dan Kennedy and I'm going to tell you how to get rich. Here's my story. Here's what I've got available for you, et cetera, et cetera. First person story is where the entire pitch, that's the Jeff Ball ad. The entire pitch is completely built around and interwoven to the entire pitch is a continuing, in his case, before and after Rags to Rich's story. And the story never stops. The average person doesn't tell you the story. No, but it sure helps. It sure helps. And they can believe it. You said it was tied as a continuing length. Story, the whole thing is story. Those things don't work. Yeah, you know, the story keeps, you know, coming back up all the way through, you know, and shoot Peggy and I have to pinch ourselves. Peggy doesn't like to title of the book. I found the way to put my business on autopilot. We take days off, go fishing, move off like crazy. You know, the whole thing is story from the beginning. Is it an air raid? Yeah. Would you give her a break? Yeah. I had a great story to work with. I mean, while good material helps, you know. Do you have to make some of that stuff up or is that all? No, I mean, there's embellishment. You know, frankly, I don't know if Peggy objected to the title of the book or not. I made that whole thing up. But it's probable she doesn't like the title. I mean, I know Peggy and she probably doesn't like the title of the book. I mean, I made that up. But none of it is complete fabric. Stories are very effective. And, you know, somebody just said to those things still work. You know, a second ago, I don't know who they asked. You're right. Yeah. Well, you know, stories in general, you know, Jesus went around and recruited with them. You know, we're still selling with them today. And when you speak, as I do, if you're losing an audience, all you got to do is start to tell a story. And they probe right back up. Well, the reason for that is, again, we've been conditioned since childhood that this is a good and desirable thing. Daddy, come tell me a story. Mommy, read me a bedtime story. This causes a subconscious internal response when someone starts to tell a story. As far as the rags to riches story, yeah, it still works and it'll continue to work. And it works for a couple of reasons. One is, you always have to remember that what's old hat to you is new to the person who's hearing it for the first time. And so just because we've seen this stuff over and over and over and over again, Harry, who's discovered it for the first time, it's new to him. And when I started speaking, I used to do marketing stuff now. I did motivational stuff for the first four or five years I was in the business. And Kevin came in and said, well, the pony story. He said, well, I'm down. Tell the pony story. You guys all know the story. You know, but the bad kid and the good kid, and then he locked them in the room. They give the bad kid all the toys and he breaks them all and they give the good kid, they put them in a room, in a pile of them, and they go back and he's digging through them, and they were having a happy time. And he says, well, all this shit in here, there must be a pony in here, someone. Well, that story is so old, you know, it's got a beard. And I mean, you know, and I hate the same. And I said, Jesus, I'm not, you know, you can't go on telling that. You can't lose from that story. You tell that story to an old. They love that story. Now, to me, every time I started to tell it, you know, files started to come up in my system. But if it's due to them, you know, and I'm in front of a bunch of people just got in the amlai for the first time, or marry the new real estate agent, it's due to her and she loves it. It's a great lesson. You're right about that, George. I used to be the one person and she was just a week. Oh, they love your damn story. And I mean, it's awful, you know, you just want to say, God, not that. And so it's very important that you don't make that reaction to this other stuff. You know, we look at the Jeff Hall ad or any number of ads here that have the same element. And we say, geez, not that deal again. You know, but the person who's paying attention for the first time or the tenth time, which is still relatively new, for him, this is exciting. The other reason it works is because that's where they are. And you've got to relate to people where they are. We used to, down time, be here at 6.30 a week, a lot of the time I used to run a practice management company for car manufacturers, a lot of them actually. And we sold doctors of $35,000 for your management contract. And the seminar that they came to where the sales took place, the guy that originally owned the company was a real human maniac. And he had five Rolls Royces, one different color every day of the week. In order to justify these things, this lunatic, the first night of the seminar, what he would do, and he made a deal with the Rolls Royce dealer that he bought all the cars from, is he would bring all his cars over, plus the Rolls Royce dealer would bring down a bunch more. And in a parking lot of the hotel, he would make this big circle of these Rolls Royces. And all the doctors and their wives would come out and make him crawl around in the city of the Rolls Royce. The idea of being raised there while consciousness, you know, and we'd have a meeting at the best hotel in Boca and so forth. After the first couple of seminars, Ron and I both said this Rolls Royce dealer ain't working. I mean, it's just not doing anything for us. You can just see these people are uncomfortable. So we switched to Cadillacs and Lincoln's. And this thing worked like there was to borrow these people, eat this alive. You see, we were taking them too far. And we were going there without starting where they were. So the rags to riches deal works because it always starts where they are. This guy's sitting around in his kitchen trying to figure out how to pay his bills. And he's been broke and his credit cards are no good. He's worried about having to fall, you know, that always works. Why? Because they're either there or they've been there, one or the other. And it allows that identification and that rapport to start to take place. So that's going to work forever more. You could take Joe Carbo's ad, exactly the way it was, not a change in it, run it today and he would make money. Well, people do. Carbo's guys that run that company now are off on an ego trip. His nephew or whoever it is, I can't think of the guy's name, is off building new products, new workbooks, new ads. You know, they're going to do this better than the old man did. But you could take that ad and you could run it. I've seen that ad a little over a year. Not years. You could take that ad and run it exactly the way it is and it would work. But what is the competitor? Oh, well, they do. I mean, half these ads are Carbo knockoffs. That's what you could knock off of the ad. Sure. Half these ads are, see, this ad's been run and this guy's been run and this ad, and there's the formula headline. This guy's been running this ad for, since I was 12 years old, maybe longer. They all laughed when I said I was going to start my own business, right? And it's a get rich in mail order ad and it's a Carbo ad. My wife said I didn't know what I was doing. My friends were skeptical. My neighbors thought I was wasting my time. I chose mail order and my initial business was like the financial vessel was under company. On some days the cash and checks poured in so fast. My wife and I had used a cardboard box to carry everything to the bank. I mean, this story has been told over and over and over again by a billion people. It still works. It still works. Because the guy reading it, if he's there, he understands. He says that guy understands me. I'm there. That doesn't tell the industry's billions of dollars. Now this phone ad doesn't have that at all. I wrote this phone ad without it because it didn't exist. These guys don't have that story. So I wrote an opportunity ad without that in it at all. That works. It's got other elements but it doesn't have a rich story in it. Not to say you have to do it, but it is a reliable formula. And the more dramatic, the better. Yeah, there's an old Richard Pryor joke. I use it to teach everybody about the Force of Afters. The old Richard Pryor joke is, I was born a poor black kid on the right side of the truck. On the wrong side of the truck is now my rich white guy. That's how dramatic the change should be. Third person direct is where someone else is writing about the product or service. And it is a direct, straightforward pitch. It's not disguised in any way. It's just third person and it's a straight pitch. Third person's story is in another voice now, the person's story is in another voice now, the person's story is being told. But it is recorded? Yeah, kind of like a news report, but not necessarily. More, more a fictionalized and dramatic than a news report would be. More like a story that I would tell you and I would tell you all the nitty-gritty. If I was writing or telling you Tony Robbins story, I would tell you about the wash of the dishes in the bathtub of the apartment and being very depressed. Whereas a news article would sanitize all that. It would leave out some of the little detail. So that's the difference. Third person gimmick is you'll see it done where like, and it's done a lot with lift letters or second or third letters in a sequence where maybe the letters from the wife, you know, and you know, you've got three letters from my husband about his wonderful system to make money in the commodities market. And I think that's the difference. And you know, you've got three letters from my husband about his wonderful system to make money in the commodities market. And he still hasn't heard from you. And I want you to know that just drives him crazy, which drives me crazy and he's not getting any sleep and stuff and stuff and stuff. And so what I've decided to do is I'm going to cut the price in half just to get me in that kind of thing. There's a famous series of letters. You'll find them at Dick Hodges book, The Hundred Grades Sales Lovers. And I've heard that an office furniture company used and the letters were all sent out by the mouse that was loose at the store night. And so all the letters were from S-Mouse. And they were all signed with a little mouse print. And the typewriter, you know, the typing was badly done, and the mouse would say in the letter, you know, it's a real problem hopping all the way from here. There's a hotel chain that had the letters sent out by one of the maids. It's a third person gimmick letter. The news, the advertorial style, or the news style, is where you really make it look like a news report. There's a news psychic dad that these guys are using. This is my star. The information is using. Uh... There it is. Yeah. From murder to marriage, psychic solves it all. I'm a freelance writer. I'm good at what I do. I have friends, lots of interest, and have been told that I'm sexy looking enough times to believe that I live in a nice town hall, drive a nice car, address a success, and would make someone a good wife, companion, or lover. But when it came to adventure, I left that to my job, and then it was just something that I got tired of dealing with too many times I got dumped on. It's third person, and it's going to sell this psychic service that you should call up, psychic friends, and that work, and solve all your problems. The latest thing the stars started to do is they're in bed with advertisers, and so this ad is done just like a star article without even the advertisements slug above it, because stars sell on the fly. Oh, thank you. You're welcome. Yeah, so they won't let you do it as an advertiser, but they'll do it. And so this is written just like their regular articles are with, identical, all the way until there's an ordering opportunity. And it's written in as much new style as the whole publication's written in new style. Thank you.