I usually do two things. I usually try and first of all edit for effectiveness. Which means I'll let it lake hold for a little while, then I'll go back through and try and spot stuff that really is not contributing to making a sale that is optional, as you will. Then second, finally, I'll edit to the space limitation that exists if there is an imposed one. Obviously in a sales letter there is not, unless it's client imposed, but in ad there is. The Jeff Hall ad came down from twice the amount of copy that's in it to what's there now, a very painful process. Larry Pino puts me under a constraint of the maximum of four pages for a sales letter. He insists on mailing for a single stamp. And with the tickets in the enclosure it can only be four pages on real life paper, and he just won't deviate from it. I typically agree a 78-pager down to four in my editing process, as my rough draft is usually seven or eight pages long. But I'll do that as the last thing I do. Another thing I will do, another editing technique I'll use is reading it out loud. Since I think it should be conversational, it should sound conversational when it's read, and if it doesn't read right out loud, it won't read right to the person reading it either. Then we always try to use the eighth grade test. Unfortunately my daughter grew up because she used to be great at this. If you do have a kid around, that's the easiest way to do it, is circle every word in here you don't know in every sentence that confuses you. And then have the kid read it out loud in every place they stumble or get confused, it all has to be fixed. If you don't have access to a kid, it gets a little tougher. But the standard is like the eighth grade level of comprehension. Now everybody's immediately going to say, not my market, my customer is smarter than that. Huh? I don't mind that. Okay. Even if you think they are, it is better not to talk down to them, but to be at a simpler level than to risk being at a more complicated level. I will fight not to edit out anything that adds to rapport to the relationship with the customer, to us being in sync mentally and emotionally. Anything that does not add to that, I'm willing to strike. I want to keep anything that directly advances the sale, and I want to keep what enhances credibility. And they sell rapport, I thought it was RAPP4, do you know what I'm saying? Shoot, I don't think so, but I couldn't be wrong. I thought it was RAPP4, but I don't know how to say it. Maybe you're right, maybe it is RAPP4, I want to. I'm sorry, you know you may be right. You're even better at writing than I am. No, you may be right, that doesn't mean I'm a better speller. Oclina, my understanding, off the side of this office, said, Spellers and counters can be hired at that minimum wage. You know, I think you're right though, now that I think about it, I probably should fix that before we do anything else with these books. Yeah, that's the part of the case for those of us. Yeah. Order form response device. Like the commercial and the infomercial. Can you have some credibility? Yeah, it's the only other thing you try not to add it out, anything that enhances credibility. Order form response device, like the commercial and the infomercial, is extraordinarily important. Not to be taken as an old by the way, but one of those people who... The order form deserves a lot of work, and you should do a lot of things. You should restate the offer, you should give clear instructions, you should do it in a positive way. Stupak's order form is as good as anybody's. Here's the copy. Yes, as a previous guest, I'll take advantage. That's what I mean by a positive statement. It's the customer talking back to you on the order form. Yes, as a previous guest, I'll take advantage of your new... You know, the only thing you missed, you should have had his name in it, because he used a very personal approach. It should have been, yes, Bob, as a previous guest, I'll take advantage of your new Las Vegas vacation invitation. I've enclosed my reservation fee for $398 for two people. Send my vacation invitation to the address below. I changed that word, it'd be rushed, my vacation invitation to the address below. I understand I will have until March 1st, 1995, to take my Las Vegas vacation. And then it's charged my visa. If you have a place, now, his is pre-stamped, but if you have a place for them to write in, it's always better to stay in the same tone. My name is not named the like one. My address is, my phone number is. Then he's got a toll-free phone number option. And he's got a place on the back to give him one of the pearls, which doesn't work in all businesses, but it doesn't, he is. Gary Halbert does a great job with order forms, generally. If you get a piece from Halbert, even if you don't buy anything, you ought to keep the order forms in full on the swipe file. It's a fairly open component in most cases. I don't know if he's here to do anything, sometimes. I don't even know if he's here to tell you. See, this has instructions. Oh, yeah, there must be an order form. Here's the order form. Sorry. So this instructions is part of the summary. Here's what to do next. You can return to a closed order form by mail and explain that. You can fax it, turn it around, turn it around. By the way, in business to business marketing, faxing in order forms is way up. Even in consumer stuff, you'll see one more catalogs down with a fax option. It's easy. It's 24 hours a day. It's seven days a week. It's less expensive to process that than it is to process a phone order, obviously. The customer still gets it done immediately and gets it, you know, often. Here's a comparable copy. Mine says, okay, Dan, Donna, you got me. How could I resist such a risk-free, totally guaranteed opportunity to stick a rocket up the butt of my speaking business? Send me the complete new mega-success system for speakers, plus all the bonuses, a wheelbarrow load of them. Everything described in the mailing. I understand that the 1994 price for the mega-system alone will be $697.95. Some stuff will also on order form give them a place to split it between cars. So if the guy wants to tell us charge 200 bucks to this master card, charge $250 to this visa card, it's there for that to happen with. If you have it, certainly if you have a split, then you've got a yes or yes option. You've got an AB option. You know, it's either package A or package B. That is my preference in many cases. So where I sell them from the room, it's our just all product sale. He's to let them pick between price points and packages rather than picking yes or no. The non-profit people believe in choices of 3s and 5s. The non-profit industry revolves around either 3 choices or 5 choices. And of course they're dealing with very simple things. They're not giving you anything for your money. So it's simply what size checker you're going to give us. But there's lessons to be learned. The first lesson that they learned is you never leave it wide open. If you leave it wide open, you're going to get a lot of $5 and $10 checks. So when you get a solicitation from a non-profit, you're always going to have dollar amounts given as choices. Three-fourths of the people, if it's a three-choice, will choose the second one. Almost nobody chooses the cheapest one. Almost all of the other four chooses the high priced one. If it's a five-choice option, all the actions in the top three. In the last three. Yeah. The highest price, three at the top. You never get to put multiple sections like that and then say, you know, a box like, what was that, some do it. I have that with what the results of that are. My guess is that you would step back down. That's my guess. And clear instructions are amazed at how many order forms do not tell them exactly what to do, or sales orders tell them exactly what to do. I mean, if you wanted to call, you'd tell me, you know, and in most cases, the ho kier that is, the better. You know, call our office between the hours of us and so, Barbara's going to take the call. Barbara's got a southern accent. Don't let that bother you because Barbara can write English. I mean, I know. Delgado on TV for years used to show the phone with people behind him like, time, life does. I thought it was brilliant, you know, that those people were sitting there and taking calls right there. Sort of a telephone atmosphere, their whole thing, very cluttered. Double leadership path. Double leadership path simply means that by skimming, by reading the headline, the subheads, the photo captions, and the ordering instruction, I get it. I could conceivably be sold by that path. Subheads a little bit, you know? Subheads, photo captions, and ordering instructions. I could conceivably be sold just by jumping through and reading that path. I hope we did it really well because I took a lot of time, but we just give you this one. Here's the double leadership path. Here's the skill or path of the jet fall app. Completely different approach to mail order. It took me from broke to $4,000 a day working from home in only a few months, and I'm convinced anybody can copy what I'm doing once they understand it. I'm writing this article sitting at my kitchen table in my boxer shorts and t-shirt where I've made an average of over $4,000 a day for the last two years. I've achieved the fantasy of making a ton of money from a home-based easy-cluttered business. If you were told these three years ago, I'd be writing anything like this, publishing it in a magazine, I'd have laughed in your face, but here I am. Make more money each day than most people sweat for all month long. Could my incredible story lead you to an amazing income too? After years of buying worthless junk from opportunity marketers and after going $100,000 in debt trying to make my ideas work, I finally found somebody who told me the whole truth about making money with mail order and direct marketing. Following his advice, our income exploded like a fireworks display. Here are the numbers absolutely verifiable by my bank deposits and that it gives the numbers. I don't expect you to believe a word of what I'm saying. Now what about what you can do and how I might help you and why would I? Well I'm going to explain that and make it all completely risk-free to you. I've decided to reveal it all in a simple little book anybody can afford. I will guarantee everything. You be the judge, I know it's hard to believe, but what if I'm right? I'll teach you how to quickly create a giant income that takes the next big step to autopilot. My system lets you start as a little guy for small money, no risk in your spare time from home. My system contains three enormously important secrets that can just about ensure anybody's success and my system works. And then let's wrap this up there. Is your brain able to set that through and it is slowly improving? Yeah it does. The way I do it is I like the entire thing and then I go back through and break out what should pull up as a subhead, what should be bold-faced, what should be underlined. You're in the whole thing. And then I go back and create this second path. So then another path is a complete standalone path. So you write it as a standalone ad or it's to follow what comes before it through people. It does go. Well I picked the parts that I could pull out and assemble into the second path. They're already there. It's certainly a reason. Yeah and it's, it's um, and you'll find it in just about everything I do at this other ad. I haven't looked at this one in a while but here's this one. By reading this article you'll learn how an exclusive opportunity to offer business owners and homeowners guaranteed services are, guaranteed savings of services are already buying and finally giving income to your dream town. $29.95 is the best like to put you in the most exciting easiest business ever. That arm-leaving money-making system lets you get rich by saving people money on a service they already buy even by giving away free services. You'll be proud to be in this legitimate respective business. Here's the true secret to financial freedom. There's even more. The business gets easier the longer you're in it because your customers become salesmen for you. We guarantee you'll fall in love with this business. This is the only opportunity where money is not a problem. Why should you trust this opportunity to be an initial paragraph on that? And then when summarized and there's a summary paragraph I read that you can put in. Now if that's all a person reads you could order. You could get it. And I'll tend to do the same thing in a letter. And I noticed in the, um, I don't know, in the text that I was, Well I read his headlight so that I didn't get that template. You thought I'd only been able to endure it. Something more intriguing probably why you would read the copy rather than just, yeah, tell him. Yeah. I was like, what is that? I didn't know. Yeah. I mean there's some of this that I disagree with that much. But you're right. He's clearly trying to force you back in. Um, which I think is exactly the best. You're the best, right? Yeah. Mine's intended to do both. He is clearly trying to force you back in. Because it was working. I was fine. I was just trying to skim. I was like, yeah, I was getting already tricked. Yeah. It would be hard to skim this piece and not stop somewhere and get into it. You guys don't grab this thing. He's probably done it, you know, I'm not sure in a while. Um, Yeah. Fabulous Las Vegas vacation better than the story of Finest Accommodations. Swimming tan in the sky high above Las Vegas. Always name entertainment in the fabulous galaxy showroom. Benefits per couple. Now that subhead, you'd have to go into read it to get it. He didn't do it in the subhead and he could have put the main benefit in the subhead. You know, benefits per couple include $1400 of my money to gamble. I know that he doesn't put half the points. Um, no. This one makes a good point. In case you're right on the Las Vegas Strip, the caption tells you the hotel's not the way to the Strip someplace. Um, I mean, it's not, it's close. Uh, but these captions suck. Say, The main casino. Well, we can tell it's a main casino by looking at the picture. So he sacrificed an opportunity. My money in the... Exactly. He sacrificed an opportunity to drive a point home. Uh, tight faces. Uh, generally speaking, uh, and test continuity of the cake, a choreotype face, or some variation of a choreotype face, beats anything else in sales letters for the main body time. In ads, a choreotype face is preferred if you don't have a space problem. If you have a space, if you've got a massive copy problem, you can fit a hell of a lot more in and help Helvetica. And I'll sacrifice the typeface for the words. What about the choreo? Like the pipe writer? Uh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's true in pure choreo. Oh, this is close. This is like Times of Roman, I think. Yeah. Oh, I don't know if I have a pure choreo here. Well, about a two-pack letter in the choreo. Yeah, I think it is. This is choreo. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, Ted's test particularly shows choreo even how close time work times. Times of Roman. Oh, they don't use Helvetica, right? In an ad, what space is a problem? Because it takes a lot of space than anything. In dense Helvetica, this is condensed Helvetica. That's their thing. All right. This is Helvetica. Now, I stuck with, I stuck with Times of Roman in this one. I probably could have squeezed another couple paragraphs in the Bible in the Helvetica. And I wouldn't have hesitated if I had to. I did do it on my subhead. Uh, sidebars. In sales letters, they work. A lot of times you'll see in a letter. I just don't have an example here to show you. But like, you'll see where the letter will stop short. And maybe there'd be a box here with testimonial comments in it. Uh, that stuff works. People can handle that. They'll read around it. They'll come back to it. J. Abraham uses it a lot. You'll find it a typical J. Abraham mail. It makes a sidebar on almost every page. I guess I'm going to make that a sideline of an emergency sign. Yeah, we'll get to margin of. No, it's a sidebar. It's a place box. And it often is shaded. Okay. The type style will be completely different than the body copy of the letter. Sometimes it will even have people's pictures in it. Okay. Okay. Uh, Abraham uses it a lot. We, when we were still doing play ads for US Gold, we did a complete sidebar frame. His ad had grown for five or six years in all these magazines. It was finally stuck to taper. We took the full page of beautiful ads, shrunk it down just far enough to get a band down both sides and some space on the top. And on the sides, we ran pictures and testimonials and blocked off the ads in full color. And added a headline above the ad that said, you've probably seen this ad before, but these people answered it and are making big money. And that brought the response right back up to where it had been the first year of the ad ran a bar another year or so at the time. Margin notes now are very rough looking, scroll both sides. Like he's doing there at hand. Again, I didn't bring a sample, unfortunately. If you remember the mail piece we used for the original Jeff Paul seminars, that had margin notes all over it. PSS, as you know, you never do a sales letter without a PSS. I'm a big believer in multiple PSS with at least one of the restating events in the offer. And often, I would like to have one of them done at hand right. It'll be the one that'll be read first. Could be, it just depends on what you're trying to do. It could be the one introducing an ad on bonus. It could be the one with a very powerful testimonial. Just got this note in the other day from Barb Schwartz. Barb said, you know who Ron Paul is? He runs for president every time. I think he's a libertarian or something. Ron Paul, the last campaign, sent a, I think it was 12, maybe 16 page fundraising letter like towards the end of the campaign. The whole thing was made to look like you'd written it out at hand on a legal pad and it had been Xeroxed. The whole thing with the letter was like, I'm writing this on an airplane while I'm flying from here to here. And it was a bad Xerox, you know, because if you Xerox legal pad paper, so you could barely read the damn thing, it just looked like a pile of shit. And he said he got better response with that piece than anything he did during the entire campaign. And he raised that ton of double. People bought the premise. Pageants, even I messed this up sometimes. But yeah, your page in a direct mail letter, send that like that, please, technique. Yeah, it should either end in the middle of a sentence, never at the end of a completed sentence, or should hit T.O.'s on it. It is T.O.'s, please turn page, please turn to other side. Please, please turn to next page for my biggest secret to weight loss. You know, a little teaser to keep that flippered pages. Outer endvolves. There are exceptions, but my basic rule is to do pure A pile mail when going to a brand new prospect for the first time. A pile, meaning complete sneak out. No company identification, either a person's name or no name at all and an address in the return corner. Usually done so, it looks like it was done on a typewriter, a live stamp, an individual type or inkjet address. I'd be a happy camper. I'd be a happy camper. To someone I don't have a relationship with. Once the relationship is established and their follow-up mailings and a sequence and or I know the person who wants my mail, that reason to believe he wants my mail, then with the requirement for that is at least greatly diminished if not out the window and in some cases you are better off doing the latest advertising type. Thank you.