It never fails in the cosmetic industry. This pitch never fails. The entire Nancy-Quant business is built on the idea that there was an oriental beauty secret. You know, and the reason why you look at Oriental women and they never seem to age is this secret they know that you don't know. Yeah, they got Oriental genes. This pitch just works over and over and over again. Proprietary terminology means terminology you make up that is unique to you and sounds very jazzy and exciting. Tony learned this from the pyramid selling business from whence he and his old king. And it is a very deliberate technique. William Penn Patrick invented it for holiday magic. My friend, Blunt Turner, used it brilliantly in the days of Cosconn and Derrida B. Gray. The idea in live opportunity meetings was, you know, everybody wants to be an insider, but nobody wants to be an outsider. And so in the days of Cosconn and Derrida B. Gray meetings, if you arrived at an opportunity meeting, you would be subjected to about 20 minutes before the meeting started of the people who were already in, all around you speaking in a language that you could not decipher. People would come up to each other and say, you know, well, you jacked, and everybody very excited. You jacked up, got placed over and over again. And the person, huh, well, you got to be in to use the insider talk. Warner Earhart created it for us. He created his own terminology. So people at introductory events very much wanted to be with those insiders, not with those outsiders. There was a company I did some consulting for several years in the multi-level business and they carried it to an interesting extreme. They would always rent two hotel rooms next to each other and they would segregate right before the pitch started. All the guests would stay in one room for the opportunity meeting and all the people who were already in the business would go over into the other room for their sales meeting. And the end of the pitch was that the meeting on the other room is going to continue now for another hour and if you take care of your business and get your kit tonight, you can join those people over in the other room. And all during the opportunity meeting, through the wall, you've heard people having fun and laughing and screaming and running up front to get their jacks and whatever else was going on. And so everybody in room A wanted to get over to room B and would do just about anything necessary to get there. And so they were able to create that imprint essentially the same way by creating this feeling of being an insider and knowing how this all works and for I want to be one of those guys and so I want to know what this terminology is all about. You'll see it sprinkled through a lot of promotions. There's a guy in me and I couldn't find his ad. He started to use the terminology for our type of business, the sale of information products, he's coined the term and uses it throughout this ad of publishing on demand. And you're in the publishing on demand business. Well, for those of us who know that means we make the product after we sell it. That's where publishing on demand is. But he's created a new term for something that is not new. And we've got one of the bullet points in Jeff's ad is the amazing triple hoop advertising secret that lets me keep using a small budget to get big results. Well, people are calling up asking what the hell is this triple hoops thing? How come I don't know about this? Can you tell me a little about it in the book? Yeah. Yeah. And so it's a way to create mystique. Although it is a problem when you do copywriting for a lot of other people, if you are doing it for yourself and your own products, I am a strong believer in a very, having a very distinctive copywriting style. You should totally let your personality infuse your writing so that when they read you, they feel just like they know you and they're hanging out with you and they're talking to you. And if you would normally say damn, go ahead and say damn in your writing. If you would say oh goody goody, say oh goody goody. I mean if you're Pat Boone, you should read like Pat Boone. If you're Targotten, you should read like Targotten. A lot of people are taught to sanitize their writing and I believe in doing the exact opposite. Humor. Most people will tell you it is risky to be funny or to attempt to be funny in long form I will tell you it's difficult but I don't believe it's much of a risk unless you go to the part where you're being funny for the sake of funny and you're not advancing the sales process. But I believe that humor diffuses the tension of the sales process. It works from the platform, from the front of the room, therefore it should work in print too. And I do it a lot for myself and for clients. It requires, unfortunately, if you are not naturally funny, which I'm not, it now requires you to study humor on top of all the other stuff you have to study. And there's plenty of resource material out there for that purpose. Lots of great humorists have written sort of how-to books and collections of stories, been at SERV, got some great stuff, Herb Trues got some good stuff. There's the basic text, or the basic reference book, is a book called Esar's Comic Dictionary, or Esar's Comic Encyclopedia, I forget which it is. It has examples of every possible way to structure a piece of humor. And again, you can formulaically steal from that book, just like you can- Thanks for the call. Esar, I think. You'll find it in most bookstores, it's hard bound, it's really thick, and it's probably 40 bucks, 45 bucks. And you want to start, you know, if you're going to do it, you start swipe files like you do for everything else, and you start to pay attention to, gee, I could use that for something. You know, gee, I could twist that and use that for something. I'll tend to watch, for example, I'll tend to watch Alleno, even though my personal preference is Letterman, because Alleno's monologue material is usually more usable than any of the other books. It's usually more usable than his days. His requires much more on him lugging his personality to be funny than does Alleno's stuff. Carson's stuff was infinitely better than anybody's, but- And I'll generally find something, Alleno monologue, that I can make a note of, that he's either formulaic, or is directly transferable and usable in an ad, or in a piece, or whatever. And you also want to be alert to just, you know, the things that are naturally usable that are humor from a given story. I mean, like Jeff's old pitch about, I mean, sitting at home in his underwear and collecting money. I mean, you know, I mean, he, with that, really, was part of his story. And the first time he told his story at our seminar when he came back, and had some success, and talked about sitting on the John and taking a telephone call from a guy. I mean, that, you know, that's, I mean, I'm sitting here taking notes, knowing we're going to use this in the future, because this is great material. People have been letting go. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, actually, it's very true. People always have all the answers to their own questions. Sure, sure. Outrageousness has its place, normally more so in a niche market where you become a known entity than anywhere else. I use a lot in the NSA market. I guess I would define hype as coming up against the boundary of the legally permissible. And making something has the larger than life and glamorous and exciting as you can possibly make it sound without it being Hawaii. You know, if you've got a hotel in Hawaii and you're a mile and a half from the beach, you can't talk about walking out on the beach. And so what you've got to talk about is the magnificent view from your balcony of the beach and the ocean, you know, and you've got to make that as magnificent as you can possibly make it sound. And ignore the issue of the fact that, you know, you can't get there from here. And, you know, that's hype. And you take advantage of everything when you're building hype into your story, even if it is. Well, you know, like these cigarettes give me the ability to say that I have been on the same programs and shared the platform with a long list of other speakers, including three former U.S. presidents. Now, the truth is I have been on the same program. And during the course of the day, we shared the same platform. We hadn't been on the same platform at exactly the same time. As a matter of fact, I haven't even said hello to half of them. But it is factually true that we've been on the same programs. And so you can make that sound much more than it actually is. And that's what hype is, but still not telling the truth. Making the incredible, incredible. That's what National Inquirer Advertising is all about. And the techniques that you see used over and over again in the tabloids are very important to model. Because when they can make the incredible, believable, if you apply those same techniques to something that is credible, you have a huge leg up. And so you want to look at what they do repetitively. You know, I'll give you a technique. Here's an anon in money making opportunities. There's three different guys running the same base again. This is, let me send you my special box. I was working at $10000 a day directly from your home. And the ad goes on to tell you that essentially you don't have to do a damn thing. And you just give away these boxes and money close into you like ever before. You know, you don't need any money. You don't need any experience. You don't need any common sense. You know, you can be a complete bludgeon. You can be bloody impassable. And you're going to, now, here are the techniques that make this thing believable. The first thing is, this, the way that he structured this subhead is extremely important. Because he's used very specific numbers. $3,329 the first seven days. $22,918 the first month. $361,460 the first year. He didn't say $360,000. He said $361,460. Whatever he means better if you put some sense on the end of this. Now you'll see that technique repeated throughout this magazine and throughout your tap works. By being very precise and very specific in the way they deal with numbers, they make them more believable than if they rounded them off. Now we all know to do that from when we make up our expense accounts and the numbers we put on our tax returns, but you want to transfer that to market. The next technique you'll see used over and over and over again is, of course, a statement from an expert. Now in money making opportunities, this is often the sworn statement from the CPA or the accountant. You'll probably find 20 of those in here. But it could be any expert. This happens to be just nobody. It's really what it is. It's sworn statement from an expert. My name is Don Microd. I'm president of American Business Publications. I'm also a member of good standing of my local consumer protection agency. I've been in the business of researching money making opportunities for more than 11 years. And then he goes on to endorse this thing. Now you'll see that technique used over and over again. In a way, boss and it's usually a doctor. In a cosmetic ad, it's usually a dermatologist or an actress or a model or the guy who does the cosmetics for models, famous cosmetologist to the stars. So the statement from the expert is you know over and over and over again. Street addresses, never post office boxes. Wheel telephone numbers. Even if they're going to call an 800 number, you'll see this type of advertising will always have a regular office number in it too. Because the 800 number you can call to order. But here's our regular office number. We're open. And opportunity advertising. You almost always see some kind of a block of copy that says we're real people with a real office, with a real building, six blocks north of the third pine tree and you know, well you see that over and over again because it's important. It helps make these things real. And Jeff said, and I'll tell you by the way, that it can be a problem. We had the problem with Jeff and we had to change it. And there was a guy one of my son and I was a year ago, we found out the same thing or six months ago. People will come to make sure that you are real. They will come look. They will track you down and call. The paragraph in Jeff's deal. See this ad still has his house address in it. We just changed it. We had to go rent a little office in Naperville. They come to the house or they knock on the door and just want to see if there's really a Peggy there. There's really two kids and there's really... Now, the good news about that is think of the impact this has to get somebody to do that. I mean, he's got people driving from Chicago to Naperville, which is a good hour and a half drive just to see if this is real. Can I have them? Yeah. I mean, there's the paragraph here after Kid where we got it. But it's comparable to... What is the point of this? Shoot, I can't find it. Well, somewhere in here is a paragraph about how my real house... Well, what the hell is my father's right at the beginning? My name is Jeff Paul. I'm 36 years old. My wife Peggy and I have three boys, all terrorists. We live in a summer where Chicago is somewhere else. It gives you a address and he really works out of his house and etc. And they come... There was a guy who was at my seminar, a bugger line, a bugger line. I don't know if you know a bug, but sells a business out how to become a professional arbitrator. And it always adds this whole block of copy about how, you know, my office is in the building above, right above the bank, next to the post office, three blocks from the fire hydrant in Peter Eye or Barbara or Susie or there, most days, and stop in and whatever. And he said, you know, the bad news is you get tons of people coming and I'm going to see if you're real and some of them are fruitless. You know, they're one step away from a rubber roof. But the good news is it sells a lot of stuff. Well, what that tells you is that doing these things to make this believable does have an effect on people. It does make a difference. And you'll see these kind of techniques repeated over and over and over and over again. And the reason why is because they work. Proof. If there's anything we've seen in focus group stuff that I believe that because it's so universal and consistent in the infomercial business in recent years, it is that people just don't believe anything. You know, they're really pretty cynical and pretty skeptical. And so I believe you need to prove your case. And I think you prove it any and every way that you can, testimonials, pictures, statistics. But you need to understand that they are not going to take what you say or write at face value and you therefore need to prove it in any way that you can. Guarantees. I can't imagine doing it off of without a guarantee. I just can't imagine doing it. And I can't imagine doing complicated conditional guarantees. My belief is do a straightforward, simple, honest guarantee and then make a big deal out of it. They've got to make a guarantee. As a general rule of thumb, the longer the less returns. The exact opposite of what most people think. My theory behind that, which is less important than the fact, but my theory is when you give them a real short fuse guarantee, 10 days, 15 days, even 30 days, you put them under pressure. The guy now gets this box and, jeez, I've got to either do something with it or I've got to give my money back. But if he's got three months, six months, he's not under pressure. And so a large percentage of everything that gets sold, we call it what product it is, goes in the closet, the garage, drunk in a car, under the bed in the spare bedroom and gets forgotten about. Can I hear you? Depends on the product. Some of them, by the way, we try and dramatize to guarantee whatever we can. So like in the Victoria Principal product, Vic states it as a personal guarantee. This is my personal guarantee to you, the Victoria Principal bottom of the jar guarantee. Don't just use the product, use it all. And if this hasn't, then whatever the promise is, return the empty bottles to us anytime within 90 days and we'll refund every penny you pay. Thank you.