The Vanuay 2.0 product I believe is either 60 or 90. Is there a question that can be included? No, which I disagree with, but they do not. They do. You've got to have your part in this. I refund every penny. Yeah, I am so paranoid about Charge Max that I do not want to give a customer any reason whatsoever to be on the phone to Master Carter. Okay, that's a good question. What is the COD saying? I probably refund not the shipping and handling charges, but since we do it with one, ours is a universal policy, so we don't do CODs. And I've got the ranker dust dust either. But personally, on all my stuff, we refund shipping and handling, we refund everything. I just don't want to give the first $2.80. I don't want to be answering a letter from a public postal inspector. I think life is just too short. I mean, you know, we had a guy call. They got mad at him in the office. He returned to speak with us. And he called up, you know, I want to return the course along. I want him back. Great, shift the thing back, you know, whatever. I'm not going to go to the troubleship. In fact, you guys do a call tag and come and get it. Well, I mean, clearly the guy's an asshole, you know, and he's unreasonable. But it's the unreasonable asshole that calls you a grief. So we're going to send the truck to go get the dam for, you know, I mean, I'm just not going to fight it. It's going to cost me an extra five bucks to generate a call tag and go find. There are five hours. Let's get out of the problem. So I believe you refund everything. I believe they send it half back if they damaged it, if they copied it, if I refund the life. There's a disclaimer on most of the Guthrie Waker shows that the refund is exclusive of shipping and handling. I forget how it's worded, but it's there. It's not a policy that I like, but it's there. Some things of an anti-quad guarantee is, you know, very, it's one of the best stated cosmetic guarantees I've ever heard. If your friends don't actually accuse you of having had a face-button, send the unused portion or the anti-bottle back and rule the refund. Now, it's the same guarantee, but think of how much stronger it is when it's worded that way, you know. We used one for an opportunity product for years. Just remember this. I should be using this on something. If your neighbors don't start asking you how you're making all this money, you know, and it is the anti-quad place of interest, I generally on all my stuff will do at least 90. A lot of stuff I'll do longer. Our standard catalog guarantee is 60. Yeah, and for a total of one full year of conditional. And all you got to do at the end of the year is show me you did something. You took one thing out of this and did one something. I don't care what, anything. And you'll work the A&E on paper and tell me you didn't make money if we still refund everything you pay. Now, we get, and I've used that for years, I used to do with our chiropractic product for years, we'll get a, of our returns, like on seminar sales, we'll run about 7% percent. About 5% will come in. Well, yeah, almost 5% will come in, real quick. I mean, there are instant buybacks. They get it home, the husband and wife raises hell. They look at it for some reason, and what they thought they got, you know, whatever. Then, the remaining 2% is like 1% right toward the end of the 68-year guarantee period, and a straggling 1% 10-11 months later. Oh, yeah, most of them will send you a sob story, they'll send you a letter, you know. I mean, I don't read this stuff anymore, but you know, you get it. Occasionally, you get somebody opposite of you, you send the letter back. I used to do all that stuff, I don't do it anymore. I used to look at this stuff, and read it, and like write out. Yeah, yeah. I found the easiest way not to have any emotional involvement at all is just to look at the numbers, and not to look at documents and stories, and so, it's like on seminar sales, as long as month-to-month, we don't go above 8%, I don't look at anything. I don't want to know how many tapes were defective and had to be replaced, you know. I don't want to know any of that unless my percent is, unless my numbers look bad. Then I'm going to go ask 6 million questions, you know, do something to correct it. We also always build, it's really a side issue to copyrighting, but we always try to do things in the product itself to reduce the return rate. You know, that's a whole discussion in and of itself, but you want to try and do clever and creative things to diminish the return rate once they get whatever it is that you are selling to them. Damaging and mission selling is taught in the book, so I won't spend much time on it, but if you want to make a note, page 37 through 40, and all of it sales 11, a sales order book, it's done in 11, 40, teaches a technique of damaging and mission selling in it, an extremely effective copy tax. Really, do it good? Yeah, the idea is that the truth of the matter is, nobody's got a perfect product, and anybody with any brains knows it. So everything has its great benefits, and everything has at least one weakness. You gain credibility in people's lives by admitting your weakness and telling them what that is and why it shouldn't bother them, rather than just ignoring the issue. You know, by immediately admitting that you have this one thing that's not so great, everything else you're claiming is now more believable, because, gee, this guy is clearly willing to tell us the truth. Stu Pack almost always, I don't think he did it in this piece, but he usually has a paragraph or two, you know, that, hey, this ain't Caesar's. You know, our place is not, you know, any event, and I think it's very smart. Objection draining. In many cases, particularly long-form letters, I'm a great believer in enumerating all the reasons why people are not going by and answering them. Again, going back to the person selling, what you would do if you were selling in person is drain the objections, box the guy in and then answer them, right? So, you know, if I'm selling you a fire alarm and you say, well, you know, gee, we really can't afford that fire alarm system, I'd say, okay, can't afford it. Is there anything else standing in the way? Well, you know, my brother-in-law says heat detectors are bullshit, okay? Brother-in-law says, anything else in? You know, and finally, you know, I got five written down and you say, well, no, I guess that's it. So, in other words, David, if we could take care of these five things that we'd be installing in your house tonight, right? Well, yeah, I guess so. I got you. I'm going to go back, take care of each day and cross it off. You're sunk. You've already made a commitment. Well, we can't exactly do that in print because I can't get the response, but I can do the next best thing, which is to basically say there's four reasons, five reasons, eight reasons why people tend not to respond to this offer. Don't get this hit. Don't get involved with this business. And I'd like to take, to answer them all for you now. Answer them all and then when you're done saying, now that we've answered all those reasons, this hit, this follows that pattern exactly, I think. Paragraph says, so why wouldn't you grab this? I think there can only be a few reasons to say no to my offer. The reason not to buy number one, and then I say what it is and answer the reason not to buy number two, number three, number four, number five, number six, and number seven. Then the subhead says, now if you're out of reasons to say no, and you can't argue with the generosity of my guarantee, and you're a big enough boy and girl to admit you can use some truly expert help and supercharge in your business. So I've answered the objections and closed the box. You've heard too that. Is the objection a claim in a buck's group or a good letter? Yeah, sure. The place you would do it is in the read this only if you've decided to say no fold over. You'll see it in circulation mailings all the time. And then that thing would say, I find it talking to thousands of our customers, there's really only three reasons why people say no after having read everything I've sent you and those reasons are this. And here's the answer, now that we've taken care of them, you can go ahead. Yeah, the magazine business uses that. You know, some book promoter, Prince Hall uses it a lot, the read this only if you've decided to say no piece and it's folded over. Sometimes those pieces are done, got one quiet, what are we doing it for? You know, I don't remember who we're doing it for, but where we've written it from the wife, so it's third show, that thing, read this only if you decided to say no. Oh, it's a financial newsletter, it's a stock and bond letter, and it's from the wife. She tells a little story about how her husband's up to four o'clock in the morning every night slaving over his computer and analyzing these numbers. But he's a terrible average, he's a terrible salesperson, so maybe the reason you're still saying no after reading everything he's sent is the guy can't write a sales letter to save his wife. So let me tell you the four reasons why you should get this, you know, or go broke. And then she goes back to the sales arc to find the numbers. Well, you know, from the ads to the established where they use a lot of these techniques folded over, it's the only solution for overusing them, and people see them, I mean now when I see those description authors, I see them as, I ignore them totally except for swipe files, I mean, they have no effect on me. Is there a time for certain techniques not to be used anymore? No. Using them and there's always going to be a part of the audience there that can't work out. Yeah, and when you see the big guys, when you see sophisticated warms, direct response markers, the magazine guys, Clearinghouse, American Family, you see Phillips News, what, you have your Phillips promotion, or Gore's promotion, you see Prentice Hall, you understand these folks with tests, these guys are no shots. The magazine is no shots. The magazine is no shots. The position to your spiritual insurance, these guys are continually trying to beat their control. So they are always retesting every variable and testing with copywriters, and you see them continue to use this stuff. So yet, the answer is you stop using it when you beat your own control. I mean, if you're doing any numbers at all, the problem becomes when you're like me, and you're like we're going to do NSA, and you've got 4,000 people, well, you know, we've just got to take our best shot, put it all out there, with everything that the kids just think in it, because you can't split test in the market that's the problem. Hell, they all talk to each other. You certainly can't split test price, you can't split test premium, as you can't, you know. But if you've got a continuing program, you know, where you're going to generate thousands of leads, 5,000 leads or 10,000 leads every month, now you've got a controller board, you can continually segment out a thousand, and see what happens if you leave the list letter out. See what happens if you add, read this only if you've decided to say no. See what happens if we add an extra premium. See what happens, and if out of that small cell, you see an order of response, then you test the bigger cell, and you're probably now going to beat the control, and you've got to do control things. You can test those modifications with a lawyer's hand about, you know, the university, you know. Yeah, you really want to be testing it somewhere between 5 and 10 percent of your control universe. So if you're dealing with 10,000 leads a month, a thousand units is a legitimate test of a variable. That's about 10 percent. You know, like, there's many options where I've made a lot of choice, I've made a big control, and you know what I mean, control, but then you never need control. If you're from a current situation, you have mail and key bay, which, uh, these mail and key bay, which we beat mail and key bay, which is currently these mail and key bay, where you get a circular situation where, uh, you know, one, you, you know... Well, it's about a certain scenario you just described, is one new control is constantly beating the next. Yeah, but every time you switch back to the old mail and the original mailing key, then it will become new control again. Where if you have A, and you test it against B, and B wins, you discard A. A's gone. Well, then if you break off the C, you test it against B, and C wins. Okay, now, if you resurrect A, with the possibility that A and B can be fixed, they've never been tested together. Um, no, unless a lot of time is elapsed. And it's still a problem, but if C, B, A, and B, B, and C, B, B, and B, B, A, C is going to be A by a bigger margin than B today. The test is going to hold up. It was all surveillance. The variance could happen to you if a lot of time is gone past, and it's smart to take productive controls that have been arrested for a period of time and retest them. And all of the other items are still in changing, and that's what happens. Yeah, generally though, once a package is proven as superiority, nothing you've used before is going to approach the results of that package. It's going to again take something new. Wouldn't anybody expect a pair of the football boards or something like that, where he may be A by someone else? No, it's certainly not the same thing. And the mail in different times, there's teams on the back side that we all know might happen during the Cold War, and they're a fact-to-ceal team. Yeah, but it wouldn't make any difference. A would have been lower. In terms of the Gulf War, for example, everything dropped. So your best piece would drop, but your worst piece would drop farther. And what? C would be getting to a different percentage of that amount where C would get the pizza. Oh! I think about 50 people, and A would? Absolutely. And still, if it'd be B and B, B, A, in every flight universe now, your most productive piece is going to be C. Now, if you want to make the argument that you could mail A, B, and C to the same universe, and get your best results with C, but get satisfactory results with A, and get different people with A that you've got with C, that one I will give you. And really, when you talk sequences, that's really what you argue with, is you mail it from control to the same universe. So, if you want to make the argument that you could go to the AARP list that mailed the Physician's Visual Insurance package without Dennis James, and the Physician's Visual Insurance package with Dennis James, and one's going to pull 3.2%, the other one's going to pull 2%, but there's almost no crossover, because the one with Dennis feels the different people than the one that does. And then really what you should do is you should be mailing both to the same universe, because you make money even at 2%, that's a viable argument. The same argument applies to two different ads in the same magazine. I could never get US Gold to do it. We tested, and US Gold was going to do the print ads, and he was running his big display ad with pictures. And then I wrote a copy of Intensive Ad, no pictures, all copies. The full-page copy ad, running the same magazine at the same time, has the full color ad. The full color ad would pull like 2 times ad costs. The copy ad pulled 1.5 times ad costs. So he tested, said, screw it, we're staying with the color ad. My argument is what he should be doing is running both of them forevermore, because the 1.5% and the 2% both paid money, and there was almost no duplication. The person who responded to the one ad did not respond to the other. Yeah, we checked them. There was no duplication. I don't know. See, because my argument was there was only 12 magazines on earth, you can advertise it, and I just turned it into 24. Right? Right? You might feel that there's more. There's a full-page text, full-page thread, where you talk about this webinar, and you have this full-page that's half and half. Well, George is doing it now. Well, it's George. He's got a new ad that is not a beat the control, but he's running both of them in the same magazine. And so obviously what's happened to George, although he didn't say it, is he's maxed out at 170 magazines. He's found every magazine that he can advertise. So now what he's got to do is find a way to run two ads in the same magazine. George does this for Guy Rupo. He sells the... how to make $4,000 a month at home with your computer. Oh, yeah. They make the same ad. Everybody sees that. God bless them. He makes more money than God. That's not a shit. I mean, they do it right in the millions. Confront price. If price is a problem in any way, shape, or form, we should take it on head-on. The tie, if they're not going to be able to afford it, and you're going to have to nurse them through payments or use it with a different credit card. If there's a competitive price problem, whatever it is, you should take it on head-on. Never ignore it and never be intimidated by it. Put it down too low. You've got to deal with that head-on too. If it's too good of a deal, if it's too good of a deal, you've got to rationalize it six ways to Sunday. This letter, the letter my client wrote for the pearls, that was one of his biggest problems. Because he didn't deal with it. See, these are... let's say you would pay $900 and $450 for this stuff, respectively, in a jewelry store. And he's letting you have it for $350 and $185. And he's holding rational... here's why we can wholesale them to you at such a low price. And he's just got three quick sentences. We have our own jewelry casting plan. We purchased a very large amount and you are able to buy direct from us as a manufacturer. That's okay. My feeling is not enough for that big of a discrepancy that that could cause somebody not to believe the whole offer. So here's where three points go to me to almost the page. You know, a justification of why this is. I mean, it became the main story. So yeah, if it's too good of a deal, you've got to... and you should never do a big discount without the story of the reason why. This is the end of side one. Please turn the cassette over for side two.