The last thing I want to talk about, and this is something that has come more and more to my attention, especially just in the last few months since the FTC has been changing all the rules, right? For those of you who don't know, the FTC basically came in, what, 45 days prior to December 1st, what was it, October 15th or so, and they basically went and they changed the law, the advertising laws. Prior to that, you could have an advertisement and at the bottom you could say, results are not typical, that kind of stuff, you can't do that anymore, it's illegal, you go to prison. So if you see anyone doing that, call them and call the FTC, no, it's okay, people are still doing it, but they made it a law and December 1st went into law where you can't do a bunch of stuff you could do before. And things are really cracking down on is like result-based anything, like, I don't know if it's true or not, but I heard Subway had a fire at Jared because Jared's whole thing is, I lost 80 kajillion pounds in huge subway and that's a result that's not typical that people can't get and you can get big trouble for showing those kind of things. So on our side, we're taking down most of our testimonials, all the stuff that you usually use to sell stuff, like you can't, they're cracking down on that kind of stuff really, really hard, they don't want using result-based stuff to sell things, which is a horrible way of thinking, that's the best way of selling anything. So I'm coming back saying, well, crap, if I can't sell based on results or proof, how am I going to sell people? How are you going to get people to really be excited to keep buying your product? Because that's what normally sells, like, you had 20 testimonials on a sales page, you're going to convert twice as much as if you just don't have any. So I keep coming back, what are the ways you're going to start selling better? About this time is when I went to a couple of Tony Robbins events, but like the one I went to last week, like I said, he had 5,000 bucks ahead, had 2,000 people, they made 10 million bucks, and you look at anyone that's in the self-help market like Tony, they're not really selling a tangible thing. You know, with me, I can say, hey, so-and-so, buy this, they made this much money, here's the tangible result. With self-help type stuff, how do you quantify that? Someone sits there and they're like, hey, I went to Tony's seminar before I felt bad, and afterwards I feel good. Like, that's your quantifiable proof of what you're selling. And I'm like, crap, how does Tony sell? How do you get 2,000 people to pay 5 grand every month and a half for these workshops? I'm looking at that, and I look at, and you go to his event, I may have been to Tony Robbins' event, you've been to one, a couple of you guys. It's not like an event like this, you show up to Tony Robbins' event, it's closer to a rock concert than it is a seminar. Okay, it was seven days long, and every single day, wake up at 9 o'clock in the morning, it starts, and he goes to about 3 o'clock in the morning, and the dude does not stop. He's up on stage the entire time teaching and screaming and dancing. Every 15, 20 minutes, he teaches the concept, and his old philosophy is, you teach the concept, and you guys learn it cognitively, right? And then he wants you to get it into your body. So as soon as you teach the concept, everyone gets up, you jump around, you scream, you yell, and you get it into your body, into your soul, into everything. And it's really like, you're tired, like I was so tired by the seventh day, three in the morning, and I'm just like, but the thing was interesting, he's looking at his seminar versus other people's seminars. And in his seminar, there's no one out on the hall networking, everyone was in the event, and when Tony was speaking, like no one went to lunch, no one went to dinner, there's no bathroom breaks, like he just goes the entire time, he doesn't break for anything, and everyone sits there, and people are just like, they have to pee, and they're like, waiting, and they're waiting, and they're waiting, and then as soon as they jump up to like, jump around, they almost, everyone's sprinting out of the bathroom, they're going to the bathroom, they're sprinting back, and then everyone's fighting in the bathroom to get done, because they don't want to miss a second of what Tony's got to say. And the reason why is Tony has built an attractive character, personality-based business, that's so strong, that he's got 2,000 people in the middle of December, right before Christmas, and he's traveling across the world to go hear him speak, and these people are fanatical about it, because of the personality he's built in his business and his marketing. And I'm the same way, like I know Tony pretty well now, and I'm still like one of the fans, it's just like, oh my gosh, Tony's coming in, oh my gosh, because he has such a presence, everyone's attracted to that, and they want to be part of that. So I'm looking at that, I'm looking at, in our business, 2 or 3 years ago, we really focused a lot on the personality type stuff, but in the last probably year and a half, 2 years, we've stopped focusing a lot on that, we've focused more on success stories, and testimonials and case studies and that kind of stuff, and now those things are getting stolen from us, I'm like, hey, how are we going to really make the impact next year that we want to make? And it's coming back down to that, to the personality in your business and your marketing, and that's what I want to talk about here for a little bit. A couple things, we had a guy that spoke one of our events, his name is John Allinus, and John runs a company called JohnAllinus.com. Art of Steel. The Art of Steel, yeah, his whole concept is how to get women to be attracted to you. So how to do stuff as a man, to get women to come and flock to you. So basically how to pick up chicks, it's really interesting probably, he does really well in his business, but we had him come and speak to one of our workshops, first off because he does really well in his business, but second off because he's a concept that he teaches his men who are trying to attract women that correlates directly with how we are trying to attract clients into our business. So he talked about, he came and he started talking about, you know, with his men, what he tries to get the men to understand is that for women to be attracted to you, you need to develop what he calls an attractive character. Things that you need to do in your life so that women will come and they'll be attracted to you. And he says, look, the reality is the business is the exact same as the relationship. You need to build an attractive character in your business that gets clients, customers, to be attracted to you and want to come to you. And he started talking about all sorts of case studies, but what's interesting is you look at people like, for example, Donald Trump. Donald Trump obviously is a big, huge brand, a big, huge name, but people listen to Donald Trump because why? He's an attractive character. They may not like him. He's kind of annoying. He's got his ugly hairdo, but people listen because he's exciting. He's entertaining. He's got things that are happening and people want to hear from him, right? You look at, you know, Jared before Jared got kicked out of Subway, okay? Jared was kind of the brand. He was this guy. He was an attractive character. If you saw pictures before, he was like 800 pounds. He had nothing but Subway for two years. Now he's just a skinny guy. And he came to Spokes Mall for the entire company because he was the attractive character. And people looked at that and said, man, I'm overweight too. If I eat subs, I could be like Jared. Okay? And his character is what got people very interested in buying Subway. That's why Subway went from a dying fast food chain to reinvent themselves as a diet industry. And they just did awesome, which is going to be interesting to see how they reinvent themselves now that they're taking Jared out of the picture. But you look at good businesses and most good businesses have some kind of attractive character in the front of them that people are following. Either internally for employees and that kind of stuff, or externally for the customers to come and they're attracted to somebody, right? Who can think of some other businesses that have an attractive character that are out there? Frank Kern. Frank Kern. Okay. Frank Kern is by far not an industry the best at it. If you guys know who Frank Kern is, he's him and he's got half of an employee. I went to his office one time and I showed up there. You know, I'm ready to start working to get there and he shows up and he's in his surfer stuff and we're hanging out. And then a little while later, I'm like, so we're going to work? He's like, yeah, my employees are out surfing. They'll be here in a couple of hours. I'm like, all right, so we hung out for a little while and then they showed up and they're like, hey, what's up? And they got the cameras out and they filmed this for like 20, 30 minutes and then they got done and we sat around and played video games and stuff. Anyway, that dude's like, doesn't work that hard, but the guy's making insane amounts of money, like crazy, crazy, like, I don't know, it's back numbers. But I know he's probably making at least as much of that more than I am. I've got a staff of 70 people. It's just him. But he's got built such an attractive character that people are just obsessed with him. He launches his Mass Control course. He's only got one product. He's launched like 20 times. Am I not right? Does he have any other products? Okay. And every time he launches, he's like, oh crap, we only got eight of them we're going to sell or whatever. And I thought he was always, I kind of really believed him. I thought he was just like, you know, telling people there's only eight. So I had promoted it one of the first times he launched it. I sent it on email to my list. It was a $2,000 course and within, and my affiliate commission was $1,000 in each one, right? So I sent it on email. This is like at noon and by like 12.20, I looked at my affiliate commission. I already made $33,000 in affiliate commissions in 20 minutes. I was like, holy crap, this is going to be my first like six-figure day as an affiliate. I was so excited. And also like at 12.20, it stopped, completely stopped. And I was like, I'm like refreshing. I'm like, what happened? What happened? What happened? I went to the page and he shut the page down. He's like, I sold that. I sold, I can't remember how many copies. Like 2,000 copies at 2,000 bucks a pop. He sold out in 20 minutes, all of them. I was just like, you do the math on that real quick. And it's him, his affiliates and one employee. Like he's taking home a lot of money. And I was just like, holy crap. And the next time you open it again, same thing. Launched it, opened it for like half an hour, closed it down, sold out again. He's launched like 10 times every time like that. And just, but people are so attracted to his character. And you look at his pre-launched videos, it's so funny. Like it's him like driving his car, hanging out on the beach. So like throwing stuff at the water. They're beating up people. And then they come back and he like teaches like two seconds of content. And he's like, oh, my product's launched next week. And it's just like, the people have such an attraction, his personality, they come back over and over and over again. Personality is what drives a lot of these businesses. And it should be driving your business as well. Anyone remember the rich jerk? Rich jerk came out a while ago. His head line was something like, I'm rich, you're poor, F you. And like the picture of him flipping you off. And the whole sales letter is about like, how I'm rich, you're an idiot, you're dumb. This whole thing. And that was like one of the hottest CPA offers that ever came out. Like they made tens of millions of dollars with this thing. And it was all about just his personality, this little cartoon character that's like the rich jerk. And the smart guy hit me, he created this little cartoon character and the guy like built up the business and he sold it off. Or I don't know if he sold it or partner with someone else. Someone else runs it now. And someone else is the rich jerk and no one even knows because it's him the whole time. Howard Stern's a good example. Howard Stern, two years ago, three years ago signed a $30 million a year contract with Sirius Radio. Why? Does Howard Stern provide any content whatsoever to anybody, ever? None. There's no content whatsoever. But he entertains people, right? He entertains people. And it's interesting because a lot of people hate Howard Stern. I think the majority of people hate Howard Stern. And I can't remember a couple years ago they ran this whole survey with him. They basically said, they ran a survey saying, for people who liked him and who did like him, they say how often do you listen, why do you listen and that kind of stuff. And they found that people who hated Howard Stern listened like twice as long as people liked Howard Stern. And the next question was like, why do you keep, why are you listening so long? And their reaction, their answer to both of them was the same. We want to hear what he's going to say next. And that's when people are so intense on what he's going to say, even they hate him they don't want to turn it off. And they're going to say, people hate me or buy my products. People out there like I said on the video, they hate me. They want to hear what I'm going to say next. They keep buying this stuff because they want to know what's going to happen next. And it's just really a reality. I was just going to say, do you think Oprah? Oprah is the best attractive character probably in the world. Yeah. Because think about it, a lot of people, and it's funny, we come to our workshops, I tell people, you know, send emails out every single day to your list. What do people get annoyed with? They're going to unsubscribe. What do they want to hear from me? They don't want to hear from you. It's because you're boring. People tune into Oprah for an hour every single day. I know it's because on my TV, we were gone last week for an entire week to Scott's, Arizona for Tony Robbins event. I got back and looked at our TV and there's seven Oprah's in a row. My wife's been watching every single one of them, even the reruns. People are obsessed with her because of her personality, because of what she's bringing, the entertainment, that kind of stuff. So if you look at your business, you know, part of it's obviously educational, but part of it's entertainment. It's very important to understand, because people are going to be attracted to you. They're going to want to be in your downlines. They're going to be wanting to buy your products. You look at any network marketing company, look at the top distributors. Who are they? The guy is my top company, Jordan Adler's number one guy. He's this dude, he's hanging out on his website. I saw a picture of him and a bunch of girls and he's drinking beer on his homepage's website, number one money-earner company. People are attracted. They're like, yeah, I want to party like Jordan. That's what I'm going to do. Because big money-earners usually are doing that kind of stuff, because people are attracted and they want to be in their downline. They want to fall. They want to be like that guy. It's really important to start defining your character. What I'm going to do right now, a couple things. So with any good character, there's a bunch of important things. One thing every character needs to have is some kind of a backstory. Think about it for yourself as well. If you look at the character, I've always kind of played with our audience. You always have some kind of a backstory. My backstory, obviously, those who have been following me for any amount of time, you know that I was a wrestler in high school, a wrestler in college. I got married. After I got married, I had twin boys. You kind of know my story. I share a lot of these background stories, and again, the background stories are what gives people the relate to them. When I first got started selling, I'd go to seminars and I'd sell, and all I would tell people about was my wrestling, and guess what happened? All the athletes in the room were very attracted to me. They would buy my stuff. They'd come to our events, and it was like, we'd come to these things, and it was like, how much football players and wrestlers talking about stuff. That was the people that were attracted to me. After we had the twins, I started telling people stories about the twins. Hey, we got these twins boys. This is their story, and what happened was interesting. It was also when I started attracting a whole new audience of people I hadn't before. Everyone, I'd sell an event. I'd talk about the twins. I'd talk about the stuff, and all these women were running up to me. Oh my gosh, I'm a twin. Oh, I know a twin. Oh, I blah, blah, blah. Every single person has some kind of twin story. They want to know, and then they bought my stuff. Because I was sharing that part of my life. Now, I don't show everything in my life. There's a lot of things I keep personal and private. I share parts of my life that are going to build that kind of relationship with people. So having a background story is very, very important. Second off is you do need to share personal stuff. Again, you need to be careful. There are things I will not share online, publicly, because there's horrible people out there who will take it, spin it, and say stuff. So things that are very personal to me that I don't share, but I share things about myself, because I want people to know who I am, to like me, to know who I am, to be attracted to me. That's very, very important. So sharing personal things that you feel comfortable with sharing. And the other thing that's interesting is that the more someone is willing to pay you money, the more personal things you can share with them. Look at my ascension model. People who watch my free CDs or DVDs, they know a little bit about it. They know some of my stories. But people who are in our $25,000 mastermind group, they spend a week with us at Pirates Cove in Vegas. We're in this huge pirate house. They have my wife, my kids were there, we hung out. So they get more personal, but they got to spend more money to do that. Okay, Dan Kennedy talks about you need to be the king on the hill, and people should be coming and sending to you up on the hill. And so the more money they give you, the more things you can share with them. That's why I'm more expensive ventures. My wife comes to those. People like to meet my wife, like to touch her and talk to her, and it freaks her out every single time she comes. And people want to get pictures with her, and she's just like, this is weird. But people like that. They like that personality, and in fact, they can meet someone. Okay, that's why I talk about my business, why we're branding a bunch of the guys that work here. It's kind of sub-gurus in our business, because when people come to our workshop, right now it's like they want to get pictures with me and that kind of stuff. And as soon as they're like, oh my gosh, me and Kevin Hill is going to be teaching here. Oh my gosh, Brent's going to be teaching, and they get to meet and work with people. They look at it as gurus. It's going to make that so much more of a draw to get people to come to our workshops. Okay? Okay, next thing we want to look at is every good character has some kind of flaws, personality flaws. Okay? You look at any, and I heard Dan Kennedy would talk about this kind of stuff before, and he talked about comic book characters, you know, how every single one of them has flaws. You could spider-man, you could Batman. All of them have flaws. You have to have some, because the flaw makes someone real to us and real to them. Okay, if you're like the perfect person and they ever screw up on perfect, then people look at that and they're like, yeah, that's not real. That's not me, or they don't think it's sincere. They don't think it's genuine, that kind of stuff. Okay, I share a lot of my mistakes, people. I share, we did a whole like call in time just about all the things I did to screw up building my business, like how the money I lost, all the things I screwed up on, how I got shut down for spamming, all this stuff, all the things I screwed up on. And people relate to that and they're like, crap, that's kind of like me. I screwed up too. If that guy can do it, I can do it. So sharing flaws is a good piece of it. Okay, so sharing flaws is important. Anyone here have ever seen A&E's flip that house? You see that? Okay, I had a chance a month ago to fly out to Armando and Veronica's house, they're the stars of that show, and it was interesting. If you ever see the show, they're a fun character group on the show. They get there and they argue and they fight, and feel like he comes in all stomping mad. I'm doing this, this, and this, and this, you know, and he'll leave, and Veronica, the wife, will come in and she's like telling the contractor, okay, he's the one that says, we're gonna knock these out, I hate these cabinets, they're ugly, I don't care if he says anything to keep them, knock them out, get the good ones in, you know? And then, you know, they're selling new cabinets and he comes in, what are you doing? You know, starts yelling at her and yelling at the cabinet people in this big argument, this big fight. And it's just like, if you guys haven't seen their show, go and watch it, go on A&E.com, I'm sure, or something, you can watch their back shows. But watch the way that their personality conflicts between the two, between the husband and the wife, and how they do it, and how they get people to watch the show because of that. Look at any good reality show, look at John K plus A, look at the issues that are happening in their relationship now, how much, well, before they cancel the show, but look at their show what happened during those kind of things, the conflicts that were happening, okay, so the flaws and those kind of stuff. What's interesting is that Armando and Veronica's house, we sat down with them at the table and they're just like the most peaceful people in the world, and they're talking, and they told us, they said, when I first got, when I tried to get the show originally, I said, I, you know, send all the videos and stuff to the station, we put in the packs, all kinds of stuff to do our own show, and so the network came back and said, you know, you're just not edgy enough for TV, and he's like, crap, my personality is not really that edgy, but I need to be that way for TV, and so he said, he got on the phone, the next like three days in a row, he called all the network executives and that kind of stuff, and just like cursed them out for hour and hour, send them letters and faxes and just, like, over the top edgies it could possibly be, and after three days they called and said, okay, you got the show, okay, and then you look them on the show again, and he said, you know, I asked them, I was like, so is this, you guys really five hours kind of stuff? And they said, no, this is a show, like, we have the most relaxed relationship in the world, like, we don't fight, we don't argue, we're just happy, because people don't want to watch that crap, because people want to see conflict and struggles and flaws, and that's what people want to see, that's what makes you watch the TV show, because you've got a couple characters and you want to see what's happening to these people, every single week, week in and week out, right? Look at soap operas, soap operas are probably one of the best things to do, I mean, I've never actually watched soap opera with my wife, she was big in one of them, I can't remember, young in the rest, this or something, I don't know, one of those ones, she used to watch like ten years ago, and the funniest thing is she was watching the show, she stopped, I don't know, probably seven or eight years ago, and she didn't watch her seven or eight years, and then, you know, seven or eight years later, we were married, and I remember we were flipping through, and she came on the shows, and she knew all the characters, she knew all about the stories, she said, oh, this is so and so, this is blah, blah, blah, blah, and in eight years span, the same characters around, the storyline has not progressed one inch, because she's like, holy crap, that guy's still in the coma? I'm like, for eight years, he's in the coma? Like, is that really possible? But the storyline is so good, the characters involved, people are so obsessed with that, that's what makes those kind of shows run and roll, okay? And if you guys think that the business is that much different than a reality show, it's not that different, okay? Your customers that want to hear from you, one of my friends, he has sold his business, he had one of the top insurance agencies up in Canada for the last five or six years, built this thing from the ground up, and just huge, and then sold it off, made a huge chunk of cash, and what's interesting is you look at every other insurance agent out there, and they're doing like, you know, the typical insurance agent advertising, and that kind of stuff, and everything's just like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So he came and said, crap, everyone else is doing the same thing, I need to bring some personality to this. So you see his commercials, and they're so funny, he's out on the highway, cars are flipping by, he's walking, screaming at the camera, and then there's his commercials, then he's got these direct mail pieces they put out, and everything is personality based personality. Like, everyone in Canada, they know his dog's name, his cat's name, his kid's name, they know this whole story, and that's how he went from going, you know, this tiny thing that's blowing up overnight is by bringing the personality to his business. He's able to go and compete against these huge, huge insurance companies and destroy them, because he brought personality to them. Okay, because a lot of times people say, well, that's not work for my business, I'm not going to show my personality, I'm a dentist, people don't want to know my personality. If you're a cool dentist, some kind of cool story, and there's a relationship, that kind of stuff, people are going to come to you, and they're going to tell their friends, because this is the cool dentist, this is the, you know, come to him. It works in any business, okay? All right, so flaws is a big thing. Next thing that's important is having strong opinions on things, okay? Having strong opinions is very, very good. What you want, the problem most people make when they're trying to find who their characters is, they try to please everybody, okay? When you try to please everybody, you please nobody, okay? There's no attraction in that. Attraction comes from polarization, okay? You look at a magnet, okay? You look at a plug, you plug in the thing, what causes the spark and the energy is the polar opposites, okay? So if you're up there saying, you know, someone's like, what about, you know, like for example, a politician, and like, what do you think about abortion? Oh yeah, I'm for it. Well, I'm against it, oh yeah, I'm against it, I'm against it. Oh yeah, and you're trying to be neutral and everything, what happens? No one believes you, they don't care about you, and you're boring. As soon as you take a stand on somebody and say, look, this is my belief system, this is what it is, and this is this way or this way, so you should do that, you cause a dividing line, and what's going to happen, again, like I said, people are going to love you, and people are going to hate you, but people are going to be talking about you, okay? If you're boring and you're general and neutral, no one's going to care about you, okay? Very important for you to take, have strong opinions on things, okay? Have strong opinions and stick to your grounds. Don't go and change and flip-flop back and forth and say, this is my opinion, this is why I believe it, this is what I'm going to do, and having strong opinions is very, very important, okay? Next thing, and this comes back to a long time ago, but teaching in parables is very, very important, okay? Learning how to teach in parables, telling stories, having your own stories, your own parables, okay? Who has ever been to any of my training courses? In fact, it's funny, we were talking about this workshop, we were planning it out, and Tom, that works for me upstairs, he's like, you're not going to tell a potato gun story again, are you? Okay, who has ever heard of a potato gun story? Okay, most of you have probably heard it, okay? That's one of my parables, okay? You hear that story with people because why? A couple of different reasons, it's something that's very simple, when you hear that, you're like, crap, I can do that. Oh, crap, that makes sense, I can do this product, this product, and it opens up their minds to a whole bunch of different things, okay? I share, I mean, in any business, you have a whole bunch of different stories you tell, and I've got probably my five or ten stories that I tell every single time I speak, one way or another, a lot of people have heard them over and over and over again, but at the same time, some people are like, oh, you can tell a potato story again, or you can tell us about this, or you can talk about this, and they like hearing the same stories over and over and over again, because it helps brand that person with you, it helps build a relationship and that kind of thing, okay? And it helps, again, it helps build, makes the teaching a lot better, okay? I told you I have a lot of stories here, and the stories again is what really makes, it syncs that teaching into someone's head. If you're up there saying, here's the HTML code, here's, in fact, I heard, oh, it was painful. I heard this internet marketing speaker that spoke right before me at this event, and he sat up there for 90 minutes, like, showing HTML code, showing this and showing this, and like, he was right on everything, everything was like dead on, and the people were just like, holy crap, internet marketing sucks, I hate it, okay? And I got up there, I told stories for 90 minutes, I taught concepts, I didn't show like how to do anything, I taught concepts, told stories, and by the end, people were flipping out, we sold a whole bunch of stuff, made a lot of money that day, and it was good, okay? But parables is the best way to teach, so look at, in fact, when things are happening around you, look at something and say, oh, crap, I can tie a parallel, I can make a story around that, and it relates back to this, okay? Or every time you see something, think that's a story I can use back in my marketing, back in my, whatever it's I'm gonna try to do, okay? So always look at every situation, every thing that, everything that's happening to you, look at that, how can I turn that into some kind of a parable that I can share with people at a later date? I can tie that somehow into my marketing, into my business, or into my attractive character, okay? A lot of different parables out there. So make sure you're defining a couple of different parables. Next thing is it's good to have enemies, okay? What you wanna do is you wanna try to create an us versus them system in your marketing, okay? Us versus them. So John Allness, when he does his, he goes, he has the winers and the doers. So you a winer, you a doer. People refund, they're all winers. People who are doers, they wanna buy my product, they're doing stuff. Okay, so you happen to start creating a separation. So people start, I wanna be a doer, I'm not a winer, I'm not a wuss like those, I'm a doer just like you, I'm gonna buy your product, I'm gonna follow your saying and do this kind of stuff. I'm not gonna refund you, I don't wanna be a winer, I wanna be a doer. Okay, and you're creating that kind of an us versus them type thing in your business. Okay, so look at the things around you and thinking, what kind of division can I create? Who can be us? Who can I get people to be on my side and say yes, us versus all these guys? You can create that division in there, again, that's where you get people that are following you, the urge is gonna follow you. Okay, find things that you stand against, it comes back to what you're standing for, but find what you stand for and create some kind of us versus them in your business if you can. Us versus them is huge, okay? So having enemies and the last thing is having different things that define you. Okay, so wrestling defines me, my kids define me. Things that people define with you. So they're looking at you like, that's the guy that's got the fam, that's the guy that wrestles, that's the guy that's got whatever. Okay, I've been in events before, people come to me and they're like, I don't know your name, you're the potato guy, right? The guy with the potato gun. All right, you got twins, right? What's your name again? You got twins. Okay, things that define you that they can attach to your, a lot of times they're not gonna remember your name, they're not gonna remember everything, but they're gonna remember some defining things about yourself. And if you can instill those things in people's brains, that's gonna make it a lot easier. Okay, so what I wanna do, in our business, like I said, we're branding five or six certain people to be kind of like gurus within our business, and I thought all of them would go through this process in the last week. So Kevin Heel actually submitted his to me on Friday, so I'm gonna read you his stuff. This is his attractive character, he's defined for himself. And these are, again, you guys should be creating a sheet like this for yourselves as well, because it's very, very important, okay? So Kevin, this is actually Kevin back here, a man in the camera. Kevin is our copywriter, extreme writer, he writes all of our sales letters and writes the scripts for our videos and just an amazing writer. Now, just kind of to preface this all makes sense. Kevin, before he came to start working for us, he was a world famous scientist out in Baltimore. He invented, he discovered and invented, he discovered some, do you wanna tell him the name of it again, because it's really big. Look into the camera so everyone in the world can see the famous scientist. I think I'm in the, can you check some of the, sure, I'm on the... No, you can't. All right. So I used to, before I came to work for Russell, I used to work at Fort Detrick, Maryland, doing biodefense research. And before that, I was a grad student at Penn State, and I discovered a novel pathway for metabolizing carbon monoxide. There are very few organisms on earth that can metabolize 100% carbon monoxide. Of course, if we go in and breathe carbon monoxide, we would die. And so there was a lot of implications for, I think it's carbon monoxide. It was thought that it was, there was a lot of carbon monoxide on early earth, and there was a lot of implications that, yes, you can metabolize 100% carbon monoxide, and they're still doing research on like the exact enzymes that are active. If I don't want to get too much in detail, I might lose everyone, but that was basically my story. What's the name of the thing? It was methanasaurus, the actual thesis. It was on the carbon monoxide metabolism of the methanogenic archaeon methanasausirinacetiverin C2A. That's awesome. Give her a round of applause. So, if anybody wants to talk about carbon monoxide metabolism, send me an email. I've probably lost everybody on here, but there's like 15 people in the entire world who know what I'm talking about. So, if you're watching, you know, but so that was kind of my backstory. And then I kind of used that experience because there are very many copywriters who have a master's degree in chemistry and microbiology and microbiology. And so I kind of used that. Fill in the backstories. Fill in the backstories. Exactly. And so I kind of used that as my story and kind of my unique selling proposition that I have the research experience and I'm able to kind of go into your business because I know like what to look for and I know how to research things, whereas most writers will kind of, you know, they'll just put string words together and won't really get to your selling point. But so based on that, I decided to call myself the Professor of Higher Response. So, and I don't know if you want to go in and read. I'll read it through. So that's good. Cool. So you see that? Okay, give her a round of applause. So again, you guys should be the same kind of thing. Look at what stories in your life you have that can be cool. Like his whole monasticized enzyme-y thingy is like awesome. He was telling me that story the first time. Like we explained the name of his thesis. I was laughing so hard. I was just like, that is the coolest thing ever. So again, and so I'm going to go through this whole page. The first thing is his handle. So the handle, again, is Professor of Higher Response. A couple of people have good handles like Carrie Wilkerson. She's got the barefoot executive, which is awesome for like stay-at-home moms. She's the barefoot executive. I stay home with my kids and they're making a ton of money. But I think coming up with the cool handles, cool. I'm still trying to get mine done before January 1st. Tom Rich is upstairs. He's the guy that's got an MBA. His is the bitter MBA because he went through all his school and money. And what he actually learned is different than what the real world has. But having some of my handles is like a cool thing to have. Next thing is back story. So this is Kevin's back story, which you guys kind of heard a little bit of it. But it says, the story will be the fact that I'm a published scientific author who decided to break from the ivory tower of science and academia to apply what I learned in copywriting or to apply what I learned in copywriting and marketing. I'll go into the science of what makes people respond at higher rates so people can make more profits, etc. Because after all, copywriting is a science. All about Claude Hopkins. And no copywriter has a scientific background that I have, which is why I was able to pick up a skill relatively quickly. So that's kind of his back story. I'm this world-famous scientist who left all that kind of stuff and now I'm writing copy for people. Okay, now here's some personal stuff. He's going to weave into his blog posts, his articles, his videos. It's not something you're just going out and this is my stuff. You're weaving into different things. The stories you're telling, the blog posts you're writing, the articles, everything you're doing, you're weaving in these stories throughout. So here's some personal stories he's weaving into what he's doing. So this is the other stuff I reveal about myself. It's outside of science that people will bond with. The science stuff is cool, but only 0.001% of people have been to post-grad school, whereas every single person that really, the reason my stuff will bond with it, at least one of the information, one of the things below. I'll also tie into the below with copywriting, marketing, somehow. Anyway, so he's having multiple things because again, like we mentioned before, not everyone's going to care about scientific things. Not everyone's going to care about my twins. Not everyone's going to care about athletes. What are a couple things you can weave in there that someone's going to be attracted to this part or this part or this part? Okay, so here are the things. First off, he's a huge football and Washington Redskins fan. So he's a big rival of John Hollis's Dallas Cowboys. So he's a big football Washington fan. So he went to Penn State, he likes their football theme. Thursday does a lot of running. He's run marathons and half-marathons. Thursday, he's used to watch a lot of MTV as a kid when they actually used to show rock videos. Next is, he really likes older rock bands before 1998. They had more personality. Next, his favorite TV shows are 24 and Breaking Bad. It's Breaking Bad. They're rid of that one. Breaking Bad, I'm sure you'll hear a lot about this in our blog post in the next five years. He used to watch professional wrestling back in the 80s. All the wrestlers used to have a persona, a USP for people to bond with. See, now it's going to be my personal conflict with Kevin because I hate fake wrestling and he loves fake wrestling. So when we got on videos and stuff, I'm going to be like, stupid WWF and you're, anyway. Okay, he listens to classical music like Beethoven and a bunch of guys I've never heard of. He's got two cats. This is another internal conflict because I hate cats and I hate animals. But he's got two cats and he plays up the fact that he's a single guy with cats, etc. He likes to play golf. Okay, now here's some of the character flaws that Kevin has besides the cats, obviously. First character flaw is he's hopelessly addicted to caffeine. He's tried to quit coffee a thousand times, which is true. How many bets have we had on you trying to quit coffee? Yeah, he's going to be a multi-billionaire if you never actually quit coffee, but you can never actually fulfill on it. It's really funny. He keeps eating bad food. He has to exercise, keep getting all the fat off because he do runs like marathons every night. And he's silly as crap. So he sucks at playing golf. So some of the personality flaws he's going to be bringing out in this thing. Okay, now here's some of the quirks, pet peeves, and very strong opinions that he has that some people might disagree with. We're going to fend it by, but other people are going to really like and be attracted to it. Okay, it's the most I can back up with evidence, like a scientist. Even if the evidence is fake or it's your own evidence from your brain because I said so, that's okay. But having something that people can back up. So the first thing is rock and roll died in the mid-90s after the grunge movement ended. Nobody sells out at stadiums anymore, except for the older bands like U2 Metallica, etc. Okay, next one is American Idol and on the reality show suck and our mindless drivel. Not as good as the original real world or MTV back in, you like real world? Horrible, horrible. There's nothing unique about them. Same old stuff. Okay, professional wrestling is now crap a lot different than the 80s where you could take your kids to the show. Okay, you see how he's like weaving these things in like some people would be like, you're right, professional wrestling does suck. And then he's going to have me complain about how professional, they always sucked anyway. This is a good one. This one right here is going to be a divider one, by the way. This next one is a really good one for the whole picking your enemy. So people don't think for themselves these days. They tell the party lines and let others do the thinking for them without questioning like scientists. Okay, so see right there, that question, that strong opinion can be definitely us versus them. Like what are you one of the people that just follow everyone or do you actually think for yourself? You're going to analyze this like a scientist. Okay, you can create a very good us versus them without statement. Okay, 90% of TV shows these days are junk. Whereas there used to be good shows in the 80s, like you sit down and watch with the family like Dukes of Hazard, the A team, Greatest American Hero, Simon and Simon, etc. So you can have pictures of him and Mr. T hanging out. You should actually do like a Mr. T day. That would be awesome. On my iPhone, have you guys seen I pity on the iPhone? It's got Mr. T like 50 of his like old, you know, I pity the fool and all those ones you put on it and plays a random like Mr. T joke. It's awesome. Anyway, I'm not going to throw all these. These are all again all the strong opinions and things he's weaving and he can start using in the way he communicates the way you know we have them on TV shows and we have them on videos and during articles blog posts weaving those kind of things. That's people are going to come back and be like, oh, there's Kevin and ripping on this. Oh, there's this. Oh, and that's what gets people into bonds use having strong opinions. Okay, that's some of the ones there. John does our network marketing. He's got a bunch of parables with his as well. So for example, one of the parables for him is he sold dead snake to a neighbor. And so he's going to do a whole parable about how this perceived value that actually matters because I sold a dead snake to my neighbor because I was able to perceive value that and that's going to become a parable. He uses in all his marketing to the network marketers that were trying to drive into dot com secrets. Okay, selling candy for a markup. He's going to talk about that whole thing how he's buying candy at the store and selling to buddies for twice as much marking up. He's always a parable of stories in his life. He can then tie to a teaching principle. So he tells that story and the principle now is illustrated really, really quickly. Does that make sense? Okay, so parables are a big thing. Other people's stories. If you don't have your own story, you can share other people's parables as well. Okay, for example, a really good parable that Dan Kennedy tells. So this isn't a personal one, but he tells it so I can tell it as well. Basically, I say Dan Kennedy, he had this experience where he was sitting there watching TV and some guys started knocking on his door, banging on his door, banging on his door. And he was just like, oh, this guy is so annoying. He's banging on his door, banging on his door. He finally walks up to the guy at the door and he's like, looks at him and he shuts the blinds. He walks back down, sits back down. And the guy freaks out, runs the next, starts banging on the windows. He's like, what's this guy banging on my windows for? He walks through the window, shuts the blinds. He goes back down, sits down, watches TV. The guy who runs the back door, is banging on the back door, banging on the back door. Finally, he walks to the back door, opens it and says, what? And the guy looks back and says, your house is on fire. I'm trying to tell you, your house is on fire. He says instantly, the guy went from being an annoying pest to a welcome guest. And that's the parable that he tells, talking about how to change your marketing to become a welcome guest as opposed to an annoying mess. It's something that's actually going to benefit them. So again, I don't have a story that relates to that, but I've heard that story from Dan Kennedy. So I can weave that into the way I'm telling stories and say, hey, this is the story I heard from Dan Kennedy. So if you don't have parables, you can steal parables from other teachers, other people you've heard from, and look at things. Or if you watch them on TV, they're always sharing parables on TV. Just find something that's going to work for my marketing and bring it into what you're doing and bring it back in. So parable is a good thing. Miracles of Vietnam, any miracle you've created. This is one of the things Dan Kennedy talked about. He said, basically, become a saint in the Catholic Church, wherever there's some kind of miracle. And so everyone's got some kind of miracle. Robert Allen has this miracle that he talks about. He has a study with Robert Allen where basically he did this thing where he said, if you go put me out in the middle of, I don't know, Chicago or LA with nothing but $100 in my pocket within 48 hours, I will have bought and sold the property. Something like that. I'll flip the house, something like that. And he went out there. He had all these newspapers all coming, filmed the whole thing, and he did the whole thing in front of everybody. So he went on later and did this thing where he was going to try to make, I can't remember, like $5,000 on the Internet in 24 hours. And he went out there and he actually made $50,000. And it's a big, huge thing. But it's just miracles that happen. So if you ever created a miracle, I think it can be a stupid thing, but you blow it up as if it's this big, huge thing. You know, like my miracle, I think I always tell is the fact that I was just college kid. I was broke. I was this kind of stuff. I had a single idea. I had $20. I created a product. And from that, we built a business that was over $10 million a year. So you look at how I took just a stupid thing, a simple idea, $20, and from there I was able to build this huge business. That's the miracle I performed. Think what you guys can do with, you know, if you've got $40, you've got twice as much investment I had into it. So again, you're creating these different miracles as well. Anyway, so that's kind of the stuff with the attractive character. So what I'm going to do right now, oh, actually, Scott, in this work, can I show the video clip? This is cool. So there's the two real estate gurus. And this guy, we bought his product like, I don't know, two years ago. And I haven't run anything from him recently. And anyway, Thursday or Friday, I got an email from him. And when I got the email, I went and clicked on the thing. And he's developing this kind of like this little reality TV show with him and this partner. And it's just brilliant. Like one of the best marketing pieces I've ever seen as far as taking his attractive character, taking internal conflicts and building a storyline out of that. And I'm not sure if they're going to keep doing this over and over. There's two episodes. I'm going to show you just one of them. It's about 12 minutes long. But watch a couple of things. Watch really quick. Watch what he did in himself, how he's branded himself. Because from what I know, this guy is not really this way. This is how the way he's portraying himself to the audience. And then they didn't watch the boring story just hence. They found another character to have a good personality conflict. There's a very good personality conflict. There's different goals. There's things he stands for. There's pro like all these things wrapped in a 12 minute clip. It's just beautiful. And I recommend after watching it, go back and he's got like a 40 minute one after you opt in to see the full version, which kind of goes on. But just watch the way he weed all these these elements were talking about where we've been seeing this thing just beautifully. So, so much so I keep going back and forth on it. If I want to start my own reality show. I think you watched it right. It's just it's it's beautiful the way all the elements work and how how well they did that. So. Okay. Is the audio going to work right now? Okay. Now when this is done, I want you guys to clap like crazies if you just got done watching the Emmys or something or the Grammys or some big one. That pick up right there. Scott. The speakers on. Okay. This is awesome. So excited. Preston and Pete's rock the house. And this is the way. The way. The way. We've got. President and CEO of real freedom property. Zank the past five years now, I've been quietly making millions of dollars flipping houses all over the United States. But about six months ago, I had to bring in a partner to run my real estate business so that I could free up more time to do absolutely nothing. There was only one problem though. My new partner didn't know a thing about real estate. This is the real story of how I took one regular guy from zero to hero. Watch closely as me and Pete rock the house. Rock the house. Rock the house. Wee wee wee. Wee wee. Wee wee. Wee wee. Wee wee. Wee wee. Wee wee. Wee wee. Morning babe. Hey babe. Hey. Oh boy. Hey buddy. Boy. Hey buddy. Boy. Monster. Hey. Monster. Slip dude. That was a gap. Get up babe. Monster. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.东 v Bangkok. Tomorrow morning Monster steals Pete's socks and I know that he doesn't mean to. I think he's crying out to spend time with Peter. Stupid dog. Bad dog. Bad dog. Bad dog. You care to get him trained babe. I told you that. Hello. Alright. I will. So when you walked for breakfast. I can't, I can't. I'm already late I've got to go baby. No, zero. I'm already late. You never have time, Dave. What do you want me to do? Well, you wake up so early in the morning, you come home late, and then I spend like 20 minutes with you every day. Listen, I told you the developers are almost done. We got probably three more weeks left, and then trust me, I'm not going to be working like this that much longer. You think I'm not stressed out about this all? You just got to be patient with me. Can you do that for me? Yeah, it just sucks. I know it sucks. Give me a hug. Be patient. I got to go, babe. Alright, I'll call you later. Alright, bye. See you, buddy. Bye. What? Computer. I'll call you later. Alright. Alright, bye. Bye. It's like a hurricane that comes in every morning. He gets ready for work, and literally, you know, at least I try to get 10 minutes with him in the morning, just to have to sit down, have breakfast, and he just leaves and goes to work, and I don't hear from him all day, and he comes home at like 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock at night. I really just don't think she understands what I'm trying to do. You know, I'm just trying to automate the business so that I can have some time so I can get my life back. That's really what it is, is we're just trying to get a life back. And she doesn't understand that if I work 12 to 15 hours now, you know, it's going to be that much easier in the back end. What's up? Okay, I just wanted to remind you of a 10 a.m. appointment at a, like, Claremont Hall, for example. When? At 10 o'clock this morning. Oh, you gotta be kidding me. Are you serious? It's 10 o'clock this morning? Yeah, this morning at Claremont. Oh my God, Jamie, that's like 40 minutes away. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get there, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to get there. I'm sure I'm going to be able to get there. I'm sure I'm going to be able to get there. Claremont Hall. Oh my God, Jamie, that's like 40 minutes away. Did I make this appointment or you? Uh, I don't for tomorrow. It's probably me. Oh man. All right, fine. I got to deal with it. That's a 40 minute drive though, so, like, I don't feel like doing this right now. All right, whatever. I'll just call, I'll talk to you later. Okay. All right, bye. Okay, bye. Ah. What do we have here? Oh shoot. There he is. The man, the myth. He looks like Michael Jackson today, bro. Dude, I look better than Michael Jackson today. You're missing a white sparkly glove though. Dude, the car, don't worry about it. You look amazing. What do you guys got going on today? Nothing's usual? This is usual. Yeah? What do you got going on? What money you making us today? Uh, $75 million. Yes. Now, dude, I got to drive all the way down to Claremont. 45 minutes. Why don't you come with me? It's not going to happen. Huh? It's not going to happen. Well then why don't you help me deal with Brenda because she's driving me nuts. Because I work 90 hours a week. I will help you with Brenda. Send her over to my house for a few days and I'll fix it up and I'll pay her, give her back. It's not what I was talking about. She'll be brand new. Yeah, I'll try to make that happen. But anyway, so what do you got going on? I'm a big day today, bro. I got a salon day. I'm going to get my herd day. It'll be all day, fair. All day. Yeah. It seems like a great use of your time. You know what? When the Freedom Soft is done, you're going to be sitting right there next to me in the salon chair, no more 45 minute drives to see houses. What color hair are you going to dye your hair? The same color it is right now. Whatever. What? Your hair is fine. I don't need it. I'm just trying to find out if you're a metrosexual USA or not. So now you're in Saltwater. That's my stuff. You're the smoker. Go make us some money, son. I'm not here anyway. Call me if you need me. You guys all suck. I can see it. What are you saying? You guys all suck. Pizza good guy, pizza hard worker. You know, I know everyone types up all Preston at the King of Wholesaling. He's wholesaling all these properties. Let me tell you. Preston don't do anything. Okay. He's got everything outsourced to Pete. Pete does all the work. I love Pete. He is a character. I've known him for a long time. He's my partner in real freedom properties. I just, he's only been six months that I brought him on board and he's doing a great job. He's just kind of stressed out. He just got to be patient. He sees us up here at Starbucks every day and not doing much anything. And he wants that for himself, you know, but he just got to wait just a minute for us to get this software wrapped up. And the second we do his life, it's going to be smooth sailing. He's just got to be patient. That's all. All right. We're almost at the property, about 35 minutes to get here. Kind of a pain in the butt, but what are you going to do? The neighborhood's kind of shady. It looks like a decent rental neighborhood. The good thing about this deal that I think is that this landlord is extremely aggravated in his situation. He's owned like 20 properties and he's completely just sick of the landlord business. So we had him at 35 on the phone, which is already a decent deal, but I think I can get him down lower. And so that's what we're going to do. We're going to meet him at the property here in a few seconds and hopefully I can get this guy down to somewhere around 20 to 25,000 bucks and we'll see what happens. Scott? Yes. You must be Pete. How are you? Good. Nice to meet you. You too. You too. How's everything going? Good. So this is the beautiful empire, huh? This is the abode. Alrighty. So anything you need to tell me before we go in? Em, it's probably full of cockroaches. I've had it since 1996. I haven't personally been in it. What I'm thinking is this, you know what I've started noticing is that we're genuinely cool people. They have like dyed hair, right? Like I saw the singer Green Day had this. Totally dark and then one chunk of, you know, like flat. Definitely had a lot of wear and tear. The last tenant was here probably about six months and I think they did five years worth of damage. This carpet was brand new. And this carpet used to be a beige color. I mean, some of the pieces might come up that light because we have to keep the integrity of the hair. So my hair has integrity. Don't please don't compromise my, my hair's integrity. Seriously. Okay. This house is kind of funky. This, the range will go here and the refrigerator goes here. This was originally the front door and this was the living room. But what I did is a buddy and I enclosed this wall here and got rid, got rid of the living room and made this into a fourth bedroom. Cause when you're in on section eight, they don't pay for living rooms or family rooms. They pay strictly by the bedroom. So I made this into a four bedroom, one bath. Yo, what's up, ninja? I'm at the salon. Yes, for the day. I had a bunch of houses in this area and I was doing it full time. So it didn't, it wasn't, you know, that difficult to maintain them. But now I don't even carry any tools in my truck or I just, I'm done with it. Oh my goodness. Am I bleeding? I think that I'm ready to take the reins on the property and now it really just comes down to, you know, price. And then you want a $35,000 for the house. I mean, if I was to pay cash and pay all your closing costs on this transaction, what do you think the least is that you would take? Since this is called Bentley Salon, you should keep five Bentley's parked out front with chicks and bikinis laying on top of them all the time. Preston is a very centric guy. He definitely has a lot of great ideas. A lot of times when he comes in here we discuss different business ideas and he's definitely a good listener as far as what I have to say and he's always throwing good ideas at me such as having girls and bikinis sitting on top of a Bentley. So that's definitely a prime idea and I think that would get him in here probably every other day as opposed to once a week or every few weeks. But if you could close by like the end of next week, I'd probably take like 27. 27? Okay. So that's what I'm saying, which is less than I paid for. I mean, it's paid for me. It's paid for itself to me over many, many, many times. I just, it's like I'm wasting another Saturday morning on this thing. Well, that's what I'm saying. If the fire department called me and told me that this house had burned to the ground, I'd say I didn't do it, but I have no problem with that. All right. So how about this? How about I give you $25,000 cash and you'll never have to come back here. I will handle everything and I know that you said that you lent some money to some other investors. I'll bring in my next three deals that you can take a look at and if you want to invest in those properties, we can work something out because I'm looking for long-term relationships, you know? And Scott, you seem like a nice guy. We spoke on the phone a couple of times. So I mean, maybe there's some other thing that we can do together that's mutually beneficial. How much of a deposit could you give me today? I can give you 500 today. Well, I mean, I'll give it to the title company. We always give everything to the title company, but I can give you the phone number. I can write a check to the title company and we can get a contract signed today. And you can look on my website. You can see all the different properties that we do. I'm not a guy that just is kind of coming in and out and blowing smoke. If you can get a letter from the title company that you got, 500 Nescro, Monday morning at the title company and we do a signed contract for 25 and you give me your word that you'll do everything possible to try to close the buy like next Friday, I'll do it. Let's do it. But I'm not coming back. No, I don't want you to come back. That's the whole thing. I don't want you to come back. All right. See you guys. I worked out everything, worked out as planned. So you know what? Even now I was a little frustrated before. I mean, it couldn't have went any better. The seller was just so aggravated at this property that I think he was willing to give it away for any price and tried to do a little haggling there at the end. But I even told him that I had a price that I knew what I could pay for the property and he didn't even budge when I told him that. So everything went great. I mean, he's ready to go and it actually looks like he could be utilized as one of our private money lenders. So all in all, I'm really happy with that deal. That's going to be a good moneymaker. I would imagine somewhere between $15,000 and $20,000 profit on that deal. So, man. All right. It definitely makes this drive home a lot better. On the next episode of Preston and Pete Rock the House. Pete loses the deal and is mine. I raise hell at our biggest competitor's office. Me and the Short Sale Kid fight to the death and everyone parties like rock stars. Will Pete find a way to salvage the deal? Do I get arrested for battery? Who wins up with the black eye? Me or the Short Sale Kid? Find out on the next episode of Preston and Pete Rock the House. Simply enter your name and email address below and click the let's rock button. Instant access is available on the other side. Peace. All right. Okay. I swear I wasn't showing it just to be funny, but you guys see the elements we were talking about all kind of weave throughout there? If you're an entrepreneur, you're like, crap, I want to be the guy at the salon hanging out all day. All the different pieces were weave in there. I saw that the other day. I was just like, this is beautiful. This is perfectly just showing the whole attractive character and from a really cool level and the fun, entertaining type thing. They say real estate stuff. I know this is part of a pre-launch for some software. It's just making deals like Super Fashion to drive out to the house. That's why I keep saying, the software doesn't have to drive out the house anymore. So they're weaving in that piece of it. If you opt in, it has the whole next episode of the guy loses the deal and the whole fight breaks out and it's really funny. But just like I said, a really cool way to show the personality and your marketing, but all those elements were talking about being weaved into that. Hopefully that kind of gave you some ideas.