So, we just walked through how to make your own money model. Now we're going to do 10 years of my life, more like 13 or 14, but 10 years is 10 minutes sounds sexier, so we're going to call it that. All right, so where money model fits in the grand scheme of things. So my first book, $100 million offers answer the question, which I sell. Answer and offer so good, people feel stupid saying no. My second book, $100 million leads, answer the next natural question, how do I find these people? Answer, you advertise. This book, $100 million money models, answers the next natural question, how do we get them to buy? Answer, a money model. So, what we covered. A money model is a series of offers designed to increase how many customers you get, how much they pay, and how fast they pay it. It's a deliberate series of offers. A good money model makes more profit from a customer than it costs to get and service them in the first 30 days. That's the bare minimum. A $100 million money model makes more profit from one customer than it costs to get and service many customers in the first 30 days, which removes cash as a limited or scale in your business. This is what gives you limitless scale. This is how I've scaled, let's see, I got Allen from zero to 1.7 million a month in six months. I got Jim Lodge from zero to 4.4 million a month in 20 months. We've gotten, I can't say the school metrics, I'll just say that they're even better. We have other copies of the portfolio that we've scaled at that same level of speed. And so, if you can master this skill, this may be the single most valuable thing that I can give you, which is why the sub-headline of this book is how to make money. Money models have four types of offers. Attraction offers, upsell offers, downsell offers, and continuity offers. Attraction offers get customers by offering something free or to discount. Often they also make money by offering a better deal at a higher price than we covered. We covered five. We covered when your money back, which is where you set a goal for the customer and tell them how to reach it. And if they reach it, then they qualify to get their money back or get it as store credit. We covered giveaways where you advertise a chance to win a big prize in exchange for contact information and anything else that you want from this prospect. After picking a winner, you offer everyone else the big prize at a discounted price in second place. The decoy offers are also attraction offers where you advertise a free or discounted offer. When the lead asks to learn more, you also present a more valuable premium offer. The premium offer includes more features, benefits, bonuses, guarantees, and so on, and gets more people to buy it. Buying is get Y free. You offer customers free stuff in exchange for buying stuff for money. The more free stuff and the higher its value, the more people will buy X to get Y free. Pay less now or pay more later. You give people a choice to pay full price later or pay a discounted price now for additional benefits. We also did free with consumption, which I won't bonus here, but fundamentally you give away a lot of free value and that increases the likely people buy a very expensive thing from you. The more expensive the thing, the longer and the more free stuff you give them. Then we have upsell offers, which is or whatever you offer next. That is my very literal scientific thing. Try and break like fight me. An upsell is whatever you offer next. Alright, so typically it's going to be more better or newer version or whatever they just bought. These can get you lots of cash fast. We covered four. The classic upsell, where you offer the solution to customers next problem the moment they become aware of it. You can have X without Y. The menu upsell, you tell customers which options they don't need, then tell them which one they do need, and how to get the value from it, prescribe, and you don't need that, you need this. The anchor upsells, you offer the most expensive thing first. With the customer balks, you offer a much cheaper and still acceptable alternative. No worries, you don't care about X, this may be a better fit for you. D, roll over upsells. You credit some or all of the customers previous purchase towards your next offer. Since you already spent $500, I'll just credit that towards staying up full year. Pick your price, which I ended up not including this, I'll probably make a YouTube video about it. Downsell offers are whatever you offer after someone says no. That's my scientific answer for that. And by turning nos into yeses, you make more money. We covered three of my favorites. So payment plan downsells, you offer the same product at the same price, but they pay some now and the rest over time. When you get paid, let's do half now and half then. Trial with penalty. You let customers try your product or service for free so long as they meet your terms. If they do, then they have a better chance of becoming paying customers. If they don't, they pay. If you do X, Y, and Z, I'll let you start for free. Feature downsells. You lower prices by changing what the customer gets. I offer lower quantity, lower quality, or lower price alternatives, or cut optional components altogether. If you're okay without a guarantee, I can knock off $400. That's how that works. Then we had continuity offers, which provide ongoing value that customers make ongoing payments for until they cancel. These boost the profit of every customer and give you one last thing to sell. We covered three of my favorites. Continuity bonus offers. So with a continuity bonus, you give the customer an awesome thing if they sign up today. Typically, the bonus itself is more value than the first continuity payment. If you sign up today, you'll also get XYZ valuable thing. And if you want them to stick, you can continue to give them bonuses to maintain the service. Continuity discount offers, we covered as the second type. We covered first month, back end commitments, and you give the customer free time now, an hour later, if they sign up today. And so the key point is that there's four different places that you can spread it out at the front, at the end, in the middle, in between. That's the point, spread out over the whole thing. But that is fundamentally how continuity offers work to get people to sign up. Then we have the way fee offers. So first you ask the customer to pay a startup fee as part of a joining a month to month program. Then you offer discount the entire fee if they commit to the longer term. If they cancel inside the term, they pay the fee. Freemium, which I didn't, I cut from this one. I'll make a YouTube video about it because I think it really only applies to software and I thought that was too niche. All right, you build money models one stage at a time. Once I get customers reliably, then I make sure that they pay for themselves reliably. Then I make sure that they pay for other customers reliably. Then I start maximizing each customer's long term value. Then I print as much money as I possibly can. Bottom line, the knowledge in these bullets brought me more free and profitable customers than I've known what to do with. If executed, they will do the same for you. And with that, cash will no longer be a constraint in your business. I hope that this book and this training helps you guys grow your dream as big as you don't want to please. That is 10 years and 10 minutes. So the next one, we'll just put it all together and put a nice bow on it and we'll wrap this puppy up.