And this horse is in slot number one and this horse is in slot number two and so forth. Okay, that was all done by a draw, by bingo draw. They all go in a hopper and they all get drawn, right? And you get whatever post position was drawn, okay? Then you see drivers. Now, there's an entry sheet before the program, three days before that you didn't see. So we all, trainers, all entered their horses. So everybody put their horses in. Now the horses I'm driving, I got put down to drive because I drive them all the time. That's why I got them. But the other horses, they get, the trainer puts down the driver he wants. So, Aaron Merriman, for example, or Matt Cacayle. Aaron's the number one driver in the country right now and he's with us in Northfield about half the time. So Aaron or Matt Cacayle, one of these top guys, on the entry sheet, if there's nine horses in a race, they're down to drive five of them. Because everybody wants them. Then after the draw, the top driver takes the results of the draw and the program and looks at which horses wear and which one's the best and except in rare cases where he's sleeping with the trainer or he lost a poker game and has to drive. But generally, he then picks out of those five he was put down on or those four he was put down on, the one he thinks he can win with in that race that night. So you got the best driver driving what he believes to be the best horse in that race that night. He has an incredible advantage. Incredible. I mean, there's no direct sports analogy for it. Pretty much every coach has to use the same players every week. You don't get to because we're going to go play Dallas this week and they got a faster defense. I'll get four guys from Tampa and I'll use them this week. You don't get to do that. In our business, that's the way it works. So first of all, think about me beating them. I mean, it's remarkable. Not that I'm bad, by the way, I'm good, but still the game's rigged in other words. The game's rigged for the recognized masters. They get their choice of the best. And then so now, by the way, what happens? So Matt's down to drive four and Matt picks one. Now there's three who wanted Matt who don't have Matt. They can't go get Aaron though because Aaron was down on three and Aaron already picked one. And they can't go get the next best guy because he's already got one. So now they scurry for the B and the C team guys. Everybody's running around to find somebody to drive their horse. But see, he may drive yours this week, win with it. But now you drew the eight hole and one that's almost as good as yours drew this three hole, he takes that one. See, because he don't care about anything but win it. Well, you have to understand that fundamentally the same thing exists in every business. Acknowledged mastery then creates advantage. Because everybody wants to give the best opportunity to the acknowledged master. So consider how brilliant Buffett is, purportedly anyway, and most of the time at picking and buying companies. Surely Buffett sees better deals than somebody other than Buffett does. People are eager to sell their company to Buffett. Why? Because he's Buffett. That's why. You, who nobody ever heard of, who might give them more money. You don't even get a chance to see it. And even if he knows you exist, you only get to see it after Buffett doesn't want it. Because I'm going to sell to Buffett. That's why, even if I get less money. Because really, if I get $100 million or I get $80 million, I don't really give a shit at that point. But at the country club when I play golf, who do I want to say I sold my company to? Buffett. Right? And if I'm keeping any piece of it, who do I want running it? Buffett. Sure. So this exists everywhere. And hopefully you see the connection to speed. The connection to speed, the mastery of something, enables you to have a great deal more speed for all of these reasons. People bring you the best thing. You get more choice in what you do, who you work with, who will work for you, who will work with you. You have all the best choices.