Again, some retainer, if you want to. I mean, it'll be cheaper than them, but so, how many of you have made the mistake? How many of you have created a position or a business, raise them nice and proud, come on, it's a badge of compassion. There you go. And it's as futile as the day is long. All it does, you know the thing about, you shouldn't try and teach a pig to sing because all it does is piss off the pig and you get covered with mud and slop. Right? Well, that's fundamentally it. That's where it ends up. And it's very hard to fire them, by the way. One strike out, three strikes, missed the ball three times, you ain't getting a chance at a fourth ball. I can't afford it. Somebody else can afford it. Chris and I know there was this approach to sales management, Chuck Scareis who started physicians weight loss centers, took me in the phone room and where all the leads call in and their job is to book appointments to get them into the weight loss centers. And here's his sales motivation speech. He's, Chuck says, come watch. He walks in with a baseball bat over his shoulder. He says, good morning, everybody. Phones are going to start ringing, you're going to start getting calls, and you're going to start booking those appointments. We played baseball here. Three strikes. They're out. Three calls, no appointment. Pack up your shed, get up out of your chair, get out the door. And we're going to put the next batter in and we're going to go see what happens. Because we pay too much for those three phone calls to let you have a fourth swim. And that's how his sales manager ran the room. Three calls, no appointment. Here's your check, out the door. Send in the next one. Let's see how they'll do. Now, brutal? Yeah. But there's like an unlimited supply of them. So what's the big deal? Now, yes, could maybe you take him and nurture him and train him and resuscitate him and figure out the carrot and go and talk to his wife and out one out of 50, one out of 100, one out of whatever. Could you make him into something? Yes. Can you afford that? Not when there's an unlimited supply of them. Let somebody else go do that. If you want to be a minister, hang it up, get a collar. But that's about productivity. Got to be an appointment for every three calls. That's about productivity. That's a benchmark. That's measurement. That's accountability. Fixing this dysfunctional inept person and making them into a winner, think about it as pro ball versus college ball. So at college ball, that's what's supposed to happen. Certainly at high school ball and certainly at pop warner, that's what's supposed to happen. Yeah. The kid, every time the ball comes to him, he takes three steps backward. Well, you're supposed to fix that when you're coaching pop order. Maybe when you're coaching high school. Probably not when you're coaching Notre Dame. But not when you're coaching the Cleveland Browns, although that appears to be our program. No, the guy's supposed to catch the ball. He's getting paid $400,000 for everyone he catches. He ain't supposed to drop any. And he damn sure ain't supposed to be stepping back. No, you trade his ass. You send him to the Lions and you get the next guy. And you got to be in a hurry because there's only so many games in a season. And there's only so many balls coming to him. And everyone he drops is going to cost you points. So are you running a pro thing or are you running an amateur thing? What are you running? You're running kindergarten or you're not running kindergarten? With everybody around you, vendors, suppliers, advisors, see they don't get to be wrong all the time. Only weathermen, only meteorologists get to be wrong all the time and still get paid. They have a unique career niche. 10% accuracy, 100% of their income. It's a miraculous thing. And so by the way, if you have a kid who's really you think doesn't have it and ain't ever going to get it, encourage him to become a meteorologist. They're going to be safe. It's okay. I mean, the ones here, I've tried them all since I came back. Not a one of them knows whether it's going to rain or not. They have no earthly idea.