So a day really matters. And that's why when people really waste my time or abuse my time, I go off. I mean, I won't stand for it. It'll get bloody. Because if I wanted to make 300,000 bucks a year, I could be a nice guy. You know? Be very forgiving. Not at this number. No room. So it's a real decision to make about what you're willing to do and what you're willing to be perceived as in general. Do you want to talk about Ogre? There's sort of a movement of foot. I mean, I have a sign downstairs in my office, but it's a joke. The sign says, I'm trying to live my life without being present. But there are people actually trying to do that. They're trying to actually delegate and outsource everything, and rather indiscriminately. So their idea is do nothing themselves. Well, there has to be something at which you are fundamentally indispensable or critically important to your business, or you don't deserve this kind of income. Then people doing it should be getting all that money. I mean, there's got to be something. And so this idea of sort of mass and complete and comprehensive delegation, and so this stuff here from Felix Dennis, he makes the point that, and it's sort of obvious in his example that if Howard Stern or Rush Limbaugh tried to delegate the doing of the radio show, no good. People won't tolerate it. They won't. That's what's really creating all the money. So you have to be cognizant of what is really creating all the money. So like I have clients, so like in our business, it's painfully obvious, I think, that at least I hope it is, that the glue that holds the entire Glaser Kennedy business together is the main newsletter. That's it. Everything else revolves around, is dependent upon, functions from it. I have clients who've mimicked our business, who basically have the same business who are trying to delegate the writing of the newsletter. I don't like doing it. It takes time. So I found it'd be like Ron turning that over to the girl in Bulgaria who's going to write the newsletter for me between her lap dances and her missile tests. Yes, you could, especially if you have a bank of material, you could take a whole bank of my old material and you could give it to a relatively decent writer, and at least for a time they could turn out what appeared to be on the surface a perfectly acceptable replica of that newsletter. But it wouldn't be because they wouldn't be sitting there scheming and checking and manipulating and choosing each item for its impact and its influence and who it will speak to and who it will resonate with and what it sets up for the next, because they can't. See, only you can do that. So there's some stuff that just, and it's different for different people, of course, but it's some stuff that just can't or shouldn't be delegated. There are, for example, so a number of you here have professional practices. So one of the things that docs love to do is delegate the money conversation. They hate having it, so they like to have the staff do the money conversation, which then typically happens, by the way, with both the patient and the staff standing up on opposite sides of a counter with people standing around.