Now they got Doppler shit and maps and computers. It takes them 50. The weather is the biggest segment of the news, other than the scumbag felon of the week guy that they're going to go catch, which I like a lot. But the weather is the big, well, we spin a wheel. In Cleveland, we have like a wheel of fortune thing with all these criminal pictures on them. And a guest cop comes out every night and spins the wheel. And then they show you this guy. And he's our scumbag felon of the week that they're going to go catch. That's on our local news. It's really cool. And you can see who they are ahead of time, drug dealer and murderer and stuff. So you're like a casino. You're rooting for the wheel to stop on that one. And oh, we have him. We're stuck with this bad mugshot woman, but really she didn't do that much. I mean, she stole a car. Why are we even fooling around with her? We wanted that guy. But other than that, it's like the weather. And they got maps and computer shit. And they're wrong all the time. All the time. You almost could bet on the opposite. But everybody else has kind of got to be right. And here's the thing. You got to be competent. You have to be. Or you lose your client. You lose your customer. You don't get paid. I have to be competent. So why would I tolerate people I'm supporting one way or another being consistently or even repetitively incompetent? Why? Especially when there's an unlimited supply of all of them. The planets just chock full of them. And now you don't even have to, in most cases, you don't have to settle for the local supply. You can get them in Botswana looking for you. My favorite is IPEX, website developer, who's a school teacher. Where was she? Bolivia? Where was she? Bulgaria. Yeah. She's honest to God. She's developing his websites. She's doing graphics or something for him. She's also a rocket scientist. And I'm serious. She's an actual rocket scientist. She's a school teacher. And she's a lap dancer. And for $55.12, he gets his whole website built by this woman in Bulgaria. He has her fifth job. So for $55, he gets a website. He gets a Spanish lesson. And he gets a lap dance. And he gets the plans for a missile. I mean, why would you have one underfoot? I mean, you can't beat that. You should film the whole thing and get it up on YouTube. For your lazy man thing, that's like the ultimate, isn't it? I'm sure you use it as an example. You have to be willing not to be perceived as a not very nice person. If that is good to be in your way, in most cases, you can forget about seven favors. Where's the big guy? There you go. So I do this ill-fated thing. I don't even need to tell you the whole story. So Chauncey's got a staff person. She's been with him since the beginning of time. I managed to drive her off in 48 hours. It was a great talent of mine, by the way. If you want to get rid of somebody, just tell me, come talk to him. They'll quit. I got rid of Macy on Palski staff forum. People that don't have the balls to get rid of him, I can get rid of them. But she says to him one day. She says, ever since you've been hanging around that Kennedy guy, you're not a very nice person anymore. That's great. That's like, I don't know if he is pleased. I'm thrilled. See, now I know I'm really having an impact over there. Because it means he was too nice before. I won't name it. But here's the thing that disturbs me about it the most. One thing that disturbs me is there's lots of growth in NoNet. But the thing that actually disturbs me about it the most is they keep winning these awards for being the happiest employer on the planet. The best place to work in the state. And they keep getting ribbons and plaques and trophies and shit because everybody's happy. I mean, everybody's supposed to be happy visiting Disneyland. Not working there. They're just supposed to look happy. But they're not supposed to be happy.