But he wouldn't have known this was the best headline if he hadn't tried to beat it by writing a hundred of his own, more importantly, three weeks with engineers delving into every freaking thing about this car. Well, surely we can delegate that. Somebody asked me this very question the other day. Surely we can delegate that. I don't need to go do that. Well, no, that's the critical element. The critical element in the ad is what hooker you're going to use, how you're going to find a hook if you don't go hunt for it. And if there's somebody good enough to go find the hook, what do we need you for? That's the critical, indispensable element. Now, there's a whole lot of people who wouldn't do it. And as I said to this person yesterday, look, you can buy research. So the question was really, how do you get in sync with a market that you're not one of them, right, was the question. And I mean, hell, you can buy research. And you should, by the way. And you can buy a lot of it. And there's very good research companies, SVP and their initials are EP. They put out Research Alert, which I subscribe to. And they put out these big, extensive research documents about different industries and studies of tweens and how women consumers use social media. There's a ton of research about everything. It's sort of demographic, statistical, survey, focus group, all that kind of stuff. It's all, you should, that's your course. If it's in your category, you should get it all because it's like foundational, right? Well, it's not going to get you to an actual understanding of that person. No. The only way you get that is the conversation that four of them have while they're drinking a glass of wine after their stint at the spa when they're by themselves and none of their husbands are with them. If you don't hear that, if you either don't get invited to the table or you aren't sitting directly behind it with one of them little ear devices, you buy off TV for 1995 that amplifies sound so you can hear them. If you don't hear that conversation, all the research in the world, they're not going to get you to that. I mean, I joke about it all the time. When we're doing a seminar or a conference, say, like, it's not good not having military here because the real pulse of how things are going is what the women are saying in the ladies room. Say, and I can't get that. She can, but I can't. But that's the real report. That's how you know. And so you want to know about a market? You got to get asked deep in that market. I'm driving in a car with Greg Ranker one day. We're in Palm Desert where their offices are. And we're going to lunch, which even lunch is a production because, see, Greg likes to think that they're in the movie business, which is okay. I don't mean any disrespect. I mean, hey, you build a $2 billion company from scratch. You can think about it any way you want to. So if you want to wear an ascot and an eyepatch and walk around with a megaphone and yell action, feel free, right? And I'll slam the clapboard for you. It's okay by me. But so he likes to think he's in the movie business. So you got to go to lunch someplace and wear it that's fancy and you got to have a table just in this space so everybody sees you. So it's a big, frigging production. So we're on our way to the Marriott Desert Springs, I think, which, but we got like 30 minutes. And I'm going, Greg, we even go to see a menu in this place at 30 minutes. We ain't got time for this yet. Let's just get a sandwich. You know, where would we do that? You know, so I mean, we're going past the shopping center and here's a little drug store, corner drug store in a strip center. And they got a sign that says soda fountain, which by the way, of course, you don't see that much anymore. He's where is he? Where is the kid? Oh, for God's sakes. You let him sleep? What's up with you? Well, see, he wouldn't know what a soda fountain is, right? But a soda counter, right? And you can't don't just get sodas there. Usually you get it like grilled cheese or a Bielter, you're hot dog. I said, you're going there, they got a soda fountain, right? Pulse in, we get out, we go up, we sit at the soda fountain counter. Of course, everybody else is pretty much, you know, they got work shirts on their blue collar, guys. Well, it's like.