No, they're supposed to be held ruthlessly accountable to make sure that during this 55 minute period of time on a Tuesday that didn't rain, 480 pins were traded on their shift in their store and if only 462 were traded, somebody's having a meeting. That's what's actually going on there, by the way. So when you stroll around the happiest place on earth, I don't know if he is pleased, I'm thrilled. Now I know I'm really having an impact over there, right? Because it means he was too nice before. I won't name it, but here's the thing that disturbs me about it the most. One thing that disturbs me is there's lots of growth in nonet. But the thing that actually disturbs me about it the most is they keep winning these awards for being the happiest employer on the planet. The best place to work in the state. And they keep getting ribbons and plaques and trophies and shit because everybody's happy. Down to the quadrant and the minute and the person and that whole pin trading thing. If she's not on quota with pins, she ain't going to be a pin trader tomorrow. She's going to be stocking shelves or selling ice cream or whatever the hell she's going to be doing and we're going to try the next one and see how she does. And she ain't going to be bad for like three days without getting replaced because you ain't going to hit your daily mark for pins for the whole park if two or three people are off and you're not going to hit Peter Loutour. The secondary speakers who sold stuff, one bad event. One, they got to go. I'd care if they'd been there for five years. They got to go. You can't afford two bad cities with any one person. You can't. And that doesn't necessarily get you liked. Doesn't necessarily make everybody happy being around you and you got to be okay with that. You have to be willing to buy productivity. Most people don't invest enough in getting it. So the environment you create for yourself, the quality of the person you pay to do something, see sometimes the cheapest fee or the cheapest price is not the best bargain because the competence matters, the how much time and attention you have to give it matters. Most cases I'd rather pay 30 or 40% more and know I only have to deal with it once than pay 30 or 40% less, have to deal with it three times and get it repaired. That's no bargain. Times too valuable. I joke about flying private and it is indefensible. You never have to pay for parking at the airport. So it saves me because I always parked in short term even if I was going to be gone for five days because I refused to park in long term. So it saves me like 50, 60 bucks every time I go someplace. But I've tried that on. There's some people actually I've tried that on that are so dumb they bought it. So it's an indefensible luxury on one level. But there are certainly times when instead of taking three days to do something it only takes a day. And those other two days, well think about it and take a million dollars and divide it by the number of work days there are in a year and you tell me what each day has to be worth. And see you don't have to get behind very far before you can't catch it. So you can't have 10 unproductive days. Not stay at that level if a lot of the income is earned income. Much to Carlos distress but Vicki will tell you the first thing I'm doing after I'm out of the hospital with that back injury, well the first thing I'm doing is while I'm already there is figuring out how the hell I'm going to get to the super conference because I know I've got to be there. But the second thing I'm doing is getting Vicki flying in from Phoenix because we've got to move the office upstairs because I can't get down the stairs because I've got to be able to work. Now I'm not going to be able to do everything but I can be able to do some stuff because I can't get three weeks behind. I'll never catch that. Not workload but goals. I'll never catch them. It's impossible when you get that far behind.