that is a major contributor to your high income, at least to something. The other thing about mastery that a lot of people don't understand and why you should really pick something and determine to master it is it often becomes a self-fulfilling contributor to speed. So let me give you two examples. So here's what so here's what starts to happen for me as a copywriter about ten years ago. A, I don't have to take bad jobs. I don't have to take dysfunctional clients just for the money. I don't have to go find them. They're all finding me. That saves a shit lot of time. When you don't have to go find them anymore, when you don't have to go find your clients, when you don't have to go find your customers, saves a ton of time. What do most people say about marketing? Why don't they do it? Takes too much time. Yeah, they either bitch about the cost or they say I can't get the marketing stuff done. I'm busy running my business. I don't have any time to do the marketing and they're right. It takes a lot of time. Imagine how much time you got left if you don't have to do any. So they all start coming to me and they're all actually capable of contributing to the process. They have some understanding of what you would get if you went and talked to the engineers for three weeks. They can actually intelligently answer questions about their product. They already have some sort of understanding of what unique selling proposition is. They understand what I'm doing so I don't have to not, so I don't have to write copy and fight with them over it. Which earlier you had to. So you had to sell them on what you were going to do. You had to do it and then when you presented it to them you had to sell them again so that they didn't change it all. Well that takes a lot of time. A lot of time. It was two-thirds of the time. Was fighting with them to keep them from screwing it up. Stuff went back and forth five times. So I deliver it. They mark it all up. They write 18 pages of questions. It's just like my book editor. That still goes on. Back it comes. Now I've got to go back and undo what they did and I've got to answer their 18 pages of questions about why that was there and this was said this way and then I win the argument on about nine pages of the 18 pages and then it comes back again. Well I'm going to do it anymore. I have to do it because they don't question it anymore. So that saves a ton of time. So mastery that is recognized. It's important. Mastery that is recognized is a big, big, big key to speed. Just think about it and whatever you do. Think about how much time you spend convincing people that what you're telling them to do, asking them to do, is the right thing to do. Imagine if you don't have to spend any other time. You say do it and then they go do it. Not grudgingly but merrily, eagerly. Think how much time you say. So this is a major, major contributor to speed. I'll give you another example. For those of you that are going Saturday night, this is instructive. This is why I was joking with a couple of guys there tonight. Well the night I won two races, I had a driving double. Now, guys who drive all the time, it's their profession. They're full time professionals. That's all they do. Who drive thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of times a year. And tonight we'll drive 13 out of 14 races. The good ones, they get a lot of nights where they win two, win three, sometimes win four. The record at Northfield is eight and a night. For me to get a driving double, I mean seriously, the earth, and I mean it would have if it had been a triple. I'd be by that much for the triple and I mean seriously, the earth would have opened up and swallowed us all. Here's why. So the top guys, here's how the system works. So when you see the program page, you're going to see a lot of