Customer feedback. You either got to see it all or you got to see it randomly when with no means of having it expected, right? But you got to see it and relatively frequently, not just you know once a year on customer appreciation day. The third thing, less, but you really shouldn't delegate all the enforcement either. And so whatever it is that's supposed to be happening, if you if there's more than you, whatever the hell is supposed to be happening, if it's if you don't enforce it, you know it ain't happening, right? Like I learned when we were doing a lot of infomercial work so the phone handling of the phones is always outsourced to telemarketing centers because you have to be able to handle spikes. TV's all about spikes so 5,000 calls are all going to come in in 28 minutes and then the phone's not going to ring for three, four hours. So you got to have telemarketing centers that deal with more than one thing, right? And so they're taking calls for your thing but they're taking calls for 15 other things too. And basically they're pulling up the scripts and the forms on a computer based on what the caller says when they call it. If you want to call and check in that call center, like a lot, now here's what most people do. Here's what I found in the industry. They call and check it the first day, maybe a couple times the first week. They don't check it anymore. Well, we're spending a half a million dollars today on media. Do you think somebody ought to maybe check five, six times a day see how the phone's being answered? Because what are the odds it's being answered right? Not good. I can tell you for example, here's how bad it is. If you get ultimate sales letter book, there's a follow-up letter in there that we used with thinking of Rich in Fran Tarkin's voice that went out to all the people who called and did not order. Remember, this show isn't a lead generation show. This show pitched the product. You get this, here's how much it is, call up and buy it, right? You know why that letter exists? Because 80% of the callers don't buy. The handling of the calls is so bad, they undo 80% of them. And that's for a simple product, six CDs in a box with a price point. Imagine something more complicated that somebody might actually have questions about. Why does that happen? Because the first time they get a question, they default out. We had a show running, I'm getting up at two o'clock in the morning, set the alarm, get up, call. Well, who am I going to delegate it to? They ain't going to get up at two o'clock in the morning. And if they do, they're probably going to lie to me about how it's being handled because they're not going to want to go out of the confrontation of trying to fix it. So who, who, who, who, who are you going to delegate that to? Set the alarm, train yourself to go back to sleep. It's not that hard. Get up, make the call. Hang up, call back again, because you get a different one every time they're on rotation. That exists in every business. Something as simple as mystery shopping. If you're in mystery shopping all the time, and if you're going to delegate that to somebody, you could delegate some of it. You can have it done a lot by somebody else, but you got it. I've called, when we had a bunch of employees, I've called my own office as somebody else, trying to get me and be told the most amazing things. I'm not, I can't believe I'm hearing this shit. Turn the car around, drive back, fire that person, and the next. Here's a script, you know. But if you, if you aren't in the enforcement game, so you got to decide, see, productivity is not about indiscriminate things. Productivity is about deciding what makes a major contribution. What are the critical elements to your income and not delegating those? It's a pretty good example. He's talking about the Rolls Royce ad, which is a very famous ad. I stuck the ad in there for you too, if you haven't seen the ad. The ad looks like this, right? It's an iconic ad. It's the ad that made his career for Rolls Royce automobiles. The headline is that 60 miles an hour, a lot of noise in this new Rolls Royce comes from the electric clock. Which by the way, Rolls Royce is still the only car that has an electric clock that ticks. All others have digital clocks. So, Ogilvy's talking about this copywriting job. Ogilvy spent three weeks talking with engineers and reading everything about the car and then he wrote over a hundred headlines. Ultimately by the way, none of the hundred headlines were as good as the one he stole, because this is a stolen headline.