Greg says, I've never seen one of these before. What is this? I'm going, this is where your customers eat. This is where your customers eat. This is it. The food comes on a paper plate. Rinker's gone. Paper plate. Pickle juice is running into the sandwich. He's bitching. I said, this is where your customers eat. So we're driving back to the office. We're passing Walmart. I said, when was the last time you were in a Walmart? He says, I've only been in a Walmart one time my entire life. Why would I go to a Walmart? I said, because that's all those people that are buying that shit at 2 o'clock in the morning that you sell, that's where they are. They're all in there. We need to go walk around there. We don't need to go to the meeting with the other eight knit wets who live like you do. We need to go over there. We need to go into the Walmart counter and listen to what they're saying in Walmart. You need to go there once a week and hang out. Get some caramel corn and hang out. He said, they got caramel corn? No, Kmart has caramel corn. And everybody knows that but you. You don't even have to go in to know. Just drive past window down, inhale. Kmart's got the caramel corn. Walmart doesn't have caramel corn. Walmart has Subway. Subway. But seriously, this is where a lot of people are. They get so distanced, either from beginning or over time. They have no earthly idea what's going on. So yeah, three weeks talking to the engineers. Notice, here's what's really important about that. He didn't say talking to the marketing people. He was looking for some hook about this car. And so you got to go talk to the people who build it. Couldn't go talk to the customers because there weren't any yet. So you can't go talk to them. But otherwise, you would want to go talk to the customers, too. You've got to get in there. And you can't delegate that. How are you going to delegate that? So you've got to know what the critical elements are. And you've got to delegate what you can. But you can't be trying to delegate everything. And you can't be delegating indiscriminately. Run all the way back to, well, I don't know what your page is. Well, actually, you don't have these pages. So you don't have to go back to anything. Forget it. You don't have these pages. But I do want to, before we leave the topic of productivity, mostly because it was promised in the sales letter, I want to briefly talk about speed. Now, I've said plenty about speed in other places. So let me try and say a couple of things about speed that I haven't said in those other places. The big advancement of speed is true mastery of one or more critical and extremely high value competencies in a business. So that means here mastery includes getting to what Maslow calls complete unconscious competence. Say, so if you write copy and really need to rely on your swipe files, it's OK. It's certainly better than not having them. But you've got to understand, don't ever delude yourself into thinking you've achieved a mastery level as a copyright because that takes too much time for this level of income. Sometimes I still do go to a swipe file. But most of the time, I don't. I got all those drawers up here. I don't even need to do it while I'm awake. I can go to sleep and wake up and do my own thing. And wake up. And it has gone and found the shit that I need and figured out the headline and written the copy. And I'm at least into the first few pages as I stumble to the computer in the morning with my first cup of coffee because they did it at night. Well, that's the way you better be with something.