Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you guys to module number one of high ticket secrets and I hope you guys have Are having a good time so far inside of the members area? We've been adding a whole bunch of stuff. I think yesterday I added I added the club the closed script I actually added in two Two trading calls or excuse me two actual calls that Robbie did where he got a phone did the set scripts You can actually hear him doing an action and a whole bunch other really cool stuff I got today probably another four or five things I'm adding in there So if you log back in the members area, there's a lot of really really cool stuff So it should be a lot of fun. Anyway before we get started I want to make sure you guys can all hear me if someone can go in the question box and just say hey Russell I can hear you that would be awesome. Just so I know Cool cool. All right. Well, I'm gonna jump right into this you guys This as you know over the next four weeks We're gonna be covering Everything you need to kind of get your call center up and running now the members area as you also know There's already a bunch of stuff in there. In fact, let me see if I have it open right here. Yeah So here's here's the the current members area and there's a ton of stuff in here So I just want to kind of go through all this so you guys are aware of everything that's in here because literally I was talking to to Robbie about this and we're talking about how there's like the The equivalent of like 18 years of his life in here everything he's ever done Great. It's not gonna be log in the one time I I need to do anyway I want to start right now because I want to make sure we can we can keep going through but inside of there As you know the set scripts the closed scripts. I'm adding the compliant script in there today And all the training and there's just a ton of a ton of really good stuff So I'm hopefully a chance to kind of dig into that a little bit start watching the stuff and it'll give you a really good really good explanation of Of all the core things and over the next four weeks We're gonna do more of the webinar style just to to really kind of break down all the pieces Into to a systematic step one step two step three step four kind of process and so this is really this is a Really the the first thing which is which is step number one is building your your back end and so That's we're gonna be covering That's where we're gonna be covering right now. So Let me kind of just scroll through that was kind of funny because One of the questions we got a lot before we started these trainings I was trying to figure out, you know, it's that with the four trainings What to start with and we're gonna start with call center and we're gonna start with the two-step funnel and things like that but the majority of questions people had and even some people that weren't actually questions but were Feedback I kind of saw like was just like why I want to do the high ticket thing But what do I sell or people like why have a high ticket thing? But it's a nightmare to fulfill on it And so I wanted to really kind of lay the groundwork with you guys and and help you to build a program that's You can charge a lot for it's not gonna be super hard to fulfill on And it can affect and change a lot of people's lives because those are kind of the core three things that we're looking for All right, so to dive in here at the beginning is I want to show this graphic here because this is really You know a lot of people look at my business and look at other people's businesses and they see this right here Okay on the left hand side here the the ten thousand dollar thing right they they see this they see a website They're like, oh cool. This is this is what Russell's doing and it's really really cool I'm gonna I'm gonna model it and so they go and they model it and And they're able to build a business that can do some money, right? And I call these the ten thousand dollar businesses, right? Because they're they're they're good They're they're profitable they're making some people some money But what a lot of people don't understand is that that's just the tip of the iceberg, right? If you want to build a ten million dollar your business You got to understand all the rest of the stuff that's happening back here because this is where the profit and and the real money's made I can't tell you how many people have tried to knock off my products and my services and everything and they've got this piece right here And they're so proud of themselves and and and I watch them and I'm just like man You know you're you're probably doing all right with what you're doing But you're missing you're missing the rest of the iceberg and so this this training system that you guys are going through really is the Rest of that okay, I've seen people who have businesses that are doing ten thousand dollars a month They add the same and boom they go to a hundred thousand dollars a month almost instantly in fact on the The webinar you guys watch to sign up with this. I told you that story about There was a guy from the UK one of my friends and he And that we were at this party. It was a click bank Get-together type thing and everyone's out there hanging out talking and he kind of came up to me And and I knew he was but I never actually met him before and he was like hey rust I just want to let you know Truly want to thank you. I'm like well cool. Thank you me for what he says well You know we're doing over a hundred thousand dollars a week right now in sales I'm like you are what like what are you doing? And and he basically said I I saw your your high ticket system what you're doing We kind of reverse engineered it and we we've done our best and that's what we're doing right now And I was like that is awesome, and I asked him if he'd give me a testimonial and I can't believe this the guy said He's like well he's like I can't because I'm actually selling a high ticket course now teaching the stuff that I learned from you I was like are you kidding me anyway Regardless I was excited because it worked for him and it's worked for a lot of other people as well And now you guys are really gonna have these these strategies in place And I really think it's the difference between ten thousand dollar your business and ten million dollar your business is understanding What you guys are gonna be going through right now, so that is the game plan now before we get into like the actual The actual tactics of how to how to do this Excuse me. I'm gonna Spend some time going over the the strategy part of it Because I think if you under if you understand the overall strategy piece of it It'll make actually applying it doing it a million times easier So I'm gonna talk you through a concept that I call the value ladder. Okay, if you ever been into my events You've you've probably seen me talk about this. It was interesting I some of you guys know I had a chance to speak out at Tony Robbins his business mastery program And when I was out there talking about internet marketing and the big thing that most people were having was like well We have the internet up, but it's not making us any money. It's not profitable internet doesn't work and it was just kind of The the tone from the group was kind of interesting and I was like well What are you guys selling in there? They show me this we're selling and and what they were selling was This kind of stuff right the tip of the iceberg because that's what I saw everyone else doing and they're like just not profitable for us So I spent the majority of my whole presentation teaching this concept of the value ladder because I said look You can make a ton of money online, but you've got to do it the right way You got to understand that the internet advertising is expensive It's similar prices now to TV and newspaper and radio and all these traditional media sources And so because that if you don't have these these back-ends in place It makes it really hard to actually make into pull-a-profit. So that's a that's kind of key So this is the value ladder you guys and if you notice up here on the left hand side This is value and the arrow goes up over here is price and the arrow goes this way What that means is that as you kind of move along these axes is right down here in the bottom left hand corner You've got you've got the the values low and the prices low right? We start moving up and the value goes up and the price goes up You move up a little higher value goes up you would hire the price gets higher It goes all the way up here to the very top is your your high ticket thing now the high ticket thing that you guys are selling The biggest thing I want to stress to you is that this is this is the thing that you want all of your customers to have Okay, like if you could offer them one thing to change their life, what would it be? Okay, it's not gonna be an e-book and he books not the way you change somebody's life I if you could actually do something with somebody and somehow change their life in the most Jurassic and most amazing way. What would that be? Okay, if cost was not it would not issue Okay, now if you if you think about that question for most of you guys start thinking about and say man Well, you know, I would I'd work directly with that person one-on-one or maybe I'd fly them out to my officer Maybe maybe I'd fly to their office or their house and I would help them I'd go through there, you know, if your weight loss nudge me I'd go in their kitchen I'd help them throw away all their food and I would go shopping and buy the new food I'd help set up, you know shopping trips and whatever it is, right? You know in the make money thing, maybe we're going to their office or their company or whatever it is But but what's the what's the biggest thing that the most value you can possibly provide somebody? Okay, and I so want you guys to think about because this is this is the key this high ticket secrets thing Okay, we always talk about how great it is from from our standpoint to sell expensive stuff We can make a lot of money, but what's what's What's more important and the question you need to be asking is how like at the top level the best level How can I change somebody's life? Okay, so look at my business some you guys know a little bit about my value ladder at the end of it I have my inner circle program now my inner circle program is not cheap starting price is $25,000 But it's it's the way that I can actually do the most good for somebody, right? I get on the phone with them and I help look at their business I rip it apart I rebuild it then have them come to my office three times during the year and we we set down and we work through it and And and I provide the most value possible there at that at that level. I think the only thing well There's one level we have higher We've only sold a few of these because it takes so much effort on my side, but we also have a hundred thousand dollar package Which is actually technically it's a million dollar package Somebody pays us a hundred thousand dollars up front we actually fly out to their office for a week We set up their their funnel we set up their traffic systems We hire sales people for them we train the sales people for me get all in place. It's just done, right? So it's the ultimate done for you is like is like our highest ticket thing right? We'll just do the whole thing for you and it's 10,000 or hundred thousand dollars up front plus 10% of your profits up to Up to 10 million dollars. We ended making a million dollars After the contract is done. So that's that's the top the top end of my my value ladder, okay? So I want you guys to get thinking about that for you like what's the most value you can possibly you possibly offer somebody now Our goal of our entire sales funnel is to take somebody from down here and to ascend them up to here Okay Dan Kennedy one of my first mentors he used to talk about this is the guru on the mountain Okay, you're the guru on the mountain and people they want you want to create an environment where they want to ascend up to Work and get closer to you Okay, you engineer that environment and the closer they get to you the more money or the more More money they spend the closer they get to you Okay, and I'm gonna kind of break this down here in a little bit But just conceptually thinking about that like this is where this is where your ideal customers want and need to be So how do we get them up here? Okay, the biggest problem the biggest problem with high ticket stuff traditionally is that? And again, this is kind of what we're going through over the next four weeks Is that like if somebody came up to like let's say I walked up somebody off the street and Let's say I walk into like a company right chiropractor and knock on his door and I walk in and make hey man Great to meet you. My name is Russell. I've got a 25,000 our coaching package And what it'll do is you're gonna cut my office three times over the year and I'm gonna help make you a ton of money Do you want do want to sign up for it and? Traditionally, he's gonna be like no dude. Who are you like that? That's crazy money Like there's no way I would I would spend that that kind of money with you, right? That's kind of what what he would say because because why anyone know why? This is the test part of the of the the class And I apologize my nose is kind of stuffy today. So that's why I sound a little funny Okay Can they don't know you as part of it the reputation no trust or relationship those are all keys But the reality is I I've had the ability to close people on super high expensive things without any of those things Oh, boom. We got it. We got the answer here Esperanza, I hope I pronounce that right got it right no value Okay, you know how they never see value yet like how in the world can you can you come in and charge 25,000 dollars to change my life? You haven't got any value yet. Okay, it's a real legitimate question you guys you have to provide value That's why this whole value at it, right? Somebody if they receive a little bit of value down here from you, they're naturally gonna want to send up to get more Okay, for example, Tony Robbins. I went to one. I or I bought One of Tony Robbins programs on eBay, right? I found out he may have bought it and listen. I was like, man This is good stuff. I received some value from it. Okay price was low value was you know value was there I was like, man, this was awesome like I want more of this And so I naturally wanted to ascend up to the next thing Okay, then I found out Tony Robbins has these events called UPW unleash the power within you to walk on fire Changes your life. I'm like, man. I want to do I want more. I want to get more value from this guy Now the events were more expensive. I think they were I think five to eight hundred dollars a ticket for the UPW So I come come to UPW and boom what happens? I get massive value, right? Spent a little bit more money. I get tons of value. It was just this awesome awesome thing Now at the event Tony Robbins pitched This thing called I think he calls it Mastery University where it's ten thousand dollars. Okay, so from hearing jumps all appear Ten thousand dollars you'd come to all of his events. You can do this and this and all all these type things, right? And there he pitches the the thing but because I receive value down here I naturally want to keep us sending up and keep moving up to the higher the higher levels Okay, now if someone would have just came up to me off the street and be like, hey, man You ever seen shallow how like yeah, I've seen that you know that dude with the big huge hands and the big teeth He is awesome. If you pay him ten thousand dollars, you can go to five events And where he's going to teach you how to walk on fire. He's going to uh, you know a life master You're not going to eat for a week and you're going to give yourself Uh, colonics every single day and all this stuff. I'd be like, are you crazy? I give him some of 10 grand to to do that for me because I haven't received any value yet, right? But when I go through a typical value ladder, I receive value down here And I naturally want to send up and get more and I naturally want to keep us sending up and keep going up till the top Okay So that's the key you guys is is value Um, if you provide value to people at every level of your value ladder, they'll naturally want to keep coming up Okay, I guarantee right now this this package you guys bought our high ticket secrets This is like a middle of the value ladder kind of product for me, right? We sold it for a thousand dollars Um, and you guys are gonna get amazing value out of this But I promise you that before this these four weeks are over A percentage of you guys can make man that stuff Russell gave me was awesome It was so good. What else has he got and I guarantee that I would say my guess I would say 15 to 20 percent of you guys from that are in this program right now We're gonna sign up for my 25 thousand dollar group and you should like not that i'm trying to sell you but But if you receive value at this level you guys just imagine what I can do with you guys when you come out to my office Three times throughout the year and I have phone calls with you I can I can not just have a general overview and kind of teach you guys from a high level But I can actually look at your business. I can listen to your sales reps I can change, you know, like imagine imagine that level of interaction. Okay, and so for me look at my business I'm gonna be completely transparent with you guys. I've got low ticket things. I've got middle level I've got high ticket and and we're doing things all along But my goal is always to send people up here because I want to provide the most value as possible I want you guys out here in Boise so I can change your lives like that's that's really where I'm at But if I were to just told you that three days ago I want 25 grand to do that most of you guys would say no But man if I can deliver over the next four weeks and blow your mind and help you guys get a call setter set up It's making you 20 30 grand a week Guarantee a percentage you guys are gonna be ready to come back and and you're gonna want more So that's what you got to do with your clients as well. Okay you guys Um, awesome. So there's there's kind of the core value ladder And I'll notice that across the bottom here these little dollar marks This is this is a continuity because I I always want to try to figure out ways to add continuity into my business and so this is kind of the uh This is the the continuity play as well. Okay, we're not gonna talk a lot about that during this trading program Uh, we cover that more in some in in our programs talking about continuity But just so you guys know why that's on the the image here as well Excuse me. Okay. So let me show you a couple examples um, so This is a value ladder for a dentist Okay, I like showing offline examples because it makes it more real a lot of times Okay, and I'm gonna explain because this this actually happened to me a little while ago When I first became an entrepreneur and uh, And I got married about same time and so with that my parents no longer were insuring me So I didn't have dental insurance for man probably four or five years Who started growing our company and then we had employees and employees started asking for benefits and I'd never had a job before so I was kind of confused like what do you want benefits? Like what what are benefits like that means you you pay for our dental and our health insurance and And I was like, all right, I guess if that's what people do we'll do it So we got we got insurance right and so this first time like five or six years I had I had dental insurance And I'm like sweet. I wonder I hope my teeth aren't I hope they're doing all right I haven't I haven't been in dentists forever And so uh And so a little while after I got this postcard in the mail and the postcard said hey come in for a free teeth cleaning And uh, and we'll clean your teeth for free and I was like sweet. I just got dental insurance. I get free teeth cleaning I'm excited So we called the dentist up set up appointment and I go and I show up to get my teeth cleaned right So the the dentist in there or the the hygienist, I guess Is in there cleaning my teeth and uh, she's a really cute girl. She's talking to me making me feel good I'm receiving value my teeth are getting cleaned. I'm like, this is this is a good deal And then a little while later the dentist walks in and you know, they start poking you with a little thing in your Teeth and your gums and stuff and uh, and then he asked me he says he's a so rustle I just I'm just curious like do you do you smoke or do you drink coffee or anything? I was like, what do you mean? He's like, well, I'm just curious if you smoke or you drink coffee because your teeth are A little yellow. I just I didn't know I just wanted to find out, you know, kind of what your habits were I was like, my teeth are that yellow. You think I'm smoking and drinking coffee. I was like, no, I don't do any of that He's like, oh man Well, if you want we have these really cool, uh, whitening trays we can give you you put some of this cream in it You put it on your teeth and we can get your your teeth like six shades of white higher in the next like 30 days I was like, yeah, man, give me that stuff like I need a bed if my teeth are that yellow You think I'm smoking like I need to get my teeth fixed, right? So they're like, all right So he comes in and brings this big old mold in and measures my teeth and I almost choke on that That chalky stuff you guys done that before it's like the most horrible experience in the world Big old mouthful of like this uh, this putty to measure my teeth and goes out and they make these whitening things for me and And I'm like, yeah, Lou said it's horrible. Yes, it is horrible So I'm like, all right, sweet and then uh, because back in he's poking under my teeth again He's like, so did you um, did you just have braces? I'm like, yeah, how can you tell he's like, well Your teeth are crowding and kind of shifting back and and I was just curious if you are if you used to have braces And there's are crowding back now or if it's if it's just uh, it's always been crowded for you I'm like, wait, wait, you're saying my teeth are shifting again. He's like, yeah, they're I mean, that's what happens after You know 10 years 15 years not having your your braces and your teeth start shifting back I was like, are you kidding me? Like I don't want crooked teeth like You know part of my business I'm talking on stage. I'm on video like my teeth are crooked like this is not good for my image Right and uh, he's like, well, don't worry man. If you want we've got these retainers He's like we already have the the mold from your whitening thing I can just make you some retainers based on that and uh, and you can pick them up next week and wear them every night And your teeth won't get any more any more, uh messed up. I'm like, yes, please. Thank you so much So Dennis goes through and he uh gets you know signs me up for the retainer thing And and I am just ecstatic because man, I'm like sweet. I receive value now. My teeth aren't gonna be white Now I'm not gonna have to do my my uh my retainer This is or I'm not gonna have to have crooked teeth anymore And I'm feeling good because I'm receiving value every single step of this process, right And at the end of it, I walk out and the lady when I'm walking out says, hey, can I schedule your uh your appointment for six months from now? And so we can repeat this activity then I was like, sure, let's do it So she signed me up on the continuity program, right? You see how how they were able to have me come in For for free teeth cleaning and then boom sell me on like a I don't know a thousand dollar whitening kit and then a Two or three thousand dollar retainer and and they brought me through this value ladder Okay, and for a dentist I think the high end for dentists like the big thing they can offer you was like cosmetic dentistry, right? That's where their high ticket stuff is and I didn't need that But if I would have needed it, I probably would have I probably would have paid for it because I'd receive value each step of this Of this value ladder and and that's kind of how it works, right? This is making sense for you guys Okay, the first time I've ever shown this to somebody They were they're looking their business and they're like man like I've got this piece right here Just this piece or whatever, but but they're missing an entire value ladder and they're really it really is key if you look at Why we've been so successful over the last decade is because uh early on in my career I I under I learned this from for my mentors from from bill glazer just talking about about back end stuff In fact, I remember my very first mastermind, so I paid this is kind of I haven't told you guys a story. This is a fun story So so let me get a drink real quick All right, so I was uh I was uh, I was something like 22 or 23 years old. It was a young kid and uh, and I was um And uh, my wife and I just got married we live in this little house and I remember We we had bought this house right and one day I walked out the front yard and my my front yard is completely That's like a lake like the whole grass is just covered in water and I was like what the world And so I called the city up. I'm like, hey our yard's flooding like I don't know what to do And so they had some guy come out and he he opened up the water thing and he turned the water off He looked after a little me and said well it looks like it looks like the uh the break is on this side of Of the water main therefore it's on your property. So it's your fault because on this side the city take care of this side It's your fault. Good luck with that So right now I got my entire yard flooded I've got my water turned off to my house and my wife's asked me why she can't shower and I'm like, huh So what am I gonna do right? So I get a shovel out and I start trying to dig in my yard trying to find where this pipe is broken And uh, and I'm out there for like 12 hours digging and digging and uh, when I was doing that I was trying to figure out like what I'm gonna do for 12 hours when I'm digging So I found these CDs that somebody had sent me and they were CDs from dan kennedy And so um, and so I put them in I'm listening to and I try to listen to them in the past But I remember like dan kennedy was just he was like grumpy and I just didn't I just didn't like him But I nothing else to do for 12 hours. I'm listening to this. I listened the entire CD course I was like, man, this is awesome and he kept talking about Um, he kept talking about his his high ticket thing back here in the back, right? He kept talking about what that their high ticket thing, which was their their inner circle And so I was listening to that and um, and uh And I was I was like, I want to I want to do that And I don't want to go through this whole value out or they have like I just want to buy the expensive thing Right, I just want the best and so I called the company up. I was like, hey, I want to get in What's the cost or you know, what's it gonna take and they're like, well, there's a three-year waiting list So we you can fill out application and just wait and I was like, no, I don't want to wait three years Like I want this today. I you know, I listen to this thing. I got value. I want in and so I was trying to um I was trying to Try to just speed this speed this process up, right? I wanted to get it done with quick and uh, and uh, just couldn't Just anyway, they basically said no So I applied and let set in there and I found out I knew somebody was working for the company So I told him and I was like, can you figure out a way to get me in? So he started calling them up and talked to everybody finally they He talked them into letting me in so I got an email back saying congratulations, ruther Russell We're gonna let you in the program. Here's the here's the The app or here's here's where you pay I looked at the thing and I kid you not it was 25,000 dollars to join I was thinking maybe like two or three grand. I didn't rise to 25,000 dollars And I was like, oh man, but at that point I had sold so hard Why need to be in that group that I I wasn't willing to not do it So I went and I signed up for this program And and I went in and I remember the very first Uh mastermind meeting I was in they had me present my business I kind of showed them I was doing at the time I had this free cd And then we're calling people to bought the free cd and we were selling them into a five thousand dollar workshop And I was pretty proud of myself. I thought, you know, I was a big thinker and that was my back end and I remember One of the guys raised his hand and said, well, what do you sell the people that show up to the five thousand dollar workshop? I'm like, well, what do you mean? I'm like that they pretty much bought everything. He's like he's like, dude You just have you have a five thousand dollar lead sitting there in your room Like that's the best lead in the world. You need to sell them your next thing And I was just like, wow, I never even thought about that like Like the you can have back ends to back ends like like people will keep us setting up as long as you keep providing value And so I'm sitting there in a meeting just like thinking about wow like that's pretty cool And then that night I kid you not Bill Glaser gets up. I just paid 25 thousand dollars to be there and in that meeting he pitched a 30 thousand dollar package And I think eight of the 18 of the people in the room bought it And I was just like man these guys practically beat them but they preach right and I was just really that that was kind of my big aha of just like I I need to develop a back end and I want you guys hopefully think that same thing as well and realize that there's always There's always more right we used to have for for years our high end was 5000 bucks. Then we added Um an 8000 and we jumped it to 15 and now 25 and then 100 so There's always there's always more ways to keep adding more things to your back end. Okay Um cool matt says question said can we sell high-tech stuff without a front end? So yes matt so what I'm gonna be showing you guys next week We're gonna be going over the two step funnel and the cool thing about is two steps two step funnels I'm gonna show you guys how you you can let me come back here you can Someone doesn't always have to pay to receive value, but they do need to receive value to to ascend up to here Um, and so there's ways you can do and the two step funnel will take you literally from From not even somebody ever buying something up to to to a 10 or 15 or 25 thousand dollar sell You can do that, but you have to again engineer value. So there's ways to do the value stuff and I'll talk about that Next week on the two step funnel. Um, you know, there's there's multiple ways in fact I'll probably share three or four ways that you guys can send people up quickly Some of them you do not have to require them selling anything on the front end But um, I think it's better to do it Um, and I'll you know explain that more next week But yeah, you can do it either way with a product in front and without the key is the key is this right here value Right, how do you provide value for these guys? All right, so there's value out of for dentists. Uh, here's an example of one of our value ladders It's kind of changed since here, but this is I put this together to kind of show you an example, right? So sometimes you come into our business. There's a free email newsletter Right, some of you guys are on our newsletter Probably all you guys because the only way you would have got on here is if you're on my newsletter, right? And hopefully I hope I try to send out cool stuff to receive value then it upsell you to like our dot com secrets labs book Okay, which anybody here got that book Okay, that's that's uh Yes, you love that book. It looks like yeah, so that book has been like one of the best Uh, the best things I have awesome loop said I got it. That's why I'm here. So Proof that this works right so for my newsletter. I'm trying to send people to this book We're adding in the middle level which you guys will see this I think next week we're gonna go live with it, which will be an invisible funnel style webinar And again, we'll talk more about this during the two-step funnel and you guys have a chance to see it live next week But basically what we're selling right here Is this this webinar that we're gonna teach people how to double their traffic conversion to sales It's free for them to sign up and then afterwards We build up 97 dollars and then the goal that is to again provide tons of value and get them to apply to work with us And we no longer have a partnership program, but it's more of like um Our our high and mastermind stuff. This is kind of like again a value out of for information business Okay, let's see Okay, so marco said should it always be progressive in the case of coaching it could be It could be a two-step like video series and second-step individual coaching program Yeah, so marco. Yes, exactly like how i was saying is that we'll show you guys the two-step funnel That's what we're talking about is sometimes the free video series is the value that's ascending them up to the high ticket thing But they got they got to receive value if they're if they're again, you're cold calling someone for 25 000 thing or 8 000 or whatever Whatever high ticket is for you It's very very difficult, but if you can provide value and do some cool stuff we'll teach you how to do It'll change it'll change the game cool cool So question so the question how about insurance business? I've seen about network marketing business same thing you guys Again, we'll show you more cases that tomorrow, but again the key is value, okay? If you're selling insurance, what's the what's the value you've got back here? It's gonna get somebody to to pay you more money Okay, look at the people that sell insurance like my whole family's insurance people right my brother does My uh my dad does so let me show my brother's value out of for insurance because it's interesting Okay, he uh in in 12 months built the biggest practice here in the state of Idaho And what he would do is really really cool Uh, he started by and he's got like no shame like i'm impressed with him like he just goes out there and just just does it So he he started his whole business He would go into the mall and he's like hey the mall is always cashiers during the day They're sitting around bored out of their mind. He's like i'm gonna walk up to him and just say hey, uh Do you want a free gas card? I'll give you a 10 gas card if I can quote your insurance, okay? What's he doing providing value and every single one's like all right I got nothing else going on So he would give them a 10 dollar gas card. He'd provide value to him He'd go quote their insurance come back say hey man I can save you x amount of dollars and like 90 percent of people are like all right and they signed him up He went through the mall That's how he started this whole business went through the mall and signed up everybody Like literally almost every single person working at the mall signed him up He said he used to have to like literally, uh the mall cops would be like coming around He had to like like a run away from him and hide like the bathrooms in the food court Because like they were trying to find him because he was closing everybody right So then the after the mall was gone like his he was out of he was out of prospects, right? So he started driving around and he would just look for houses that had multiple garage or multiple cars in the driveway He's like they got a couple cars in the driveway. It's way easier. He literally pulled into the street Walk i'm knocking the door like hey man. I saw you got a bunch of cars out here She curious if you want a free 10 dollar gift car a gas card and they're like yeah sure He's like cool if you let me quote your insurance like you 10 gas card Anyway, like I said, he did this by himself and wild now. He's got a whole sales team. He's trained and um and literally built up the big the the fast-screen Insurance agency here in uh in boise and he actually has a whole call center now doing back in uh phone sales for him So yes, this does definitely work Here's your what about continuity as opposed to single ticket things any difference Yeah, as long as your continuity is high taking the biggest thing if you're gonna bring bringing a phone person in They need commissions, right? So if you're selling like a 30 dollar month continuity program It's gonna make it hard to work if you sell the 500 dollar month continuity program Downish the skin of the game for the sales person way easier to do Okay, um Cool cool, um Yeah, 5k is great. Uh, I I consider personally anything above like 2,500. I consider like a back end Um, I consider like thousand to 2,000 kind of middle and then you have all your your kind of low ticket stuff in here But again, every business is going to be a little different Um Luke asks I see dr. Tom orant's funnel that goes straight from paper click to video sales or application Uh, no, I haven't but we also go a lot of him straight from paper click to a video sales letter to application Now video sales letter if you if you structure correctly you guys guess what it provides value, okay? All right, so I want to get deeper into the value ladder stuff and we'll again, we'll be showing you as a funnel next week Um an excruciating detail right now Really our goal is to build this out for you guys for today. So all right, so value ladder for Dennis for us All right, so this is kind of cool. This is I want you guys to go through this exercise with me because this will help you understand your own business. Okay um So a lot of my friends are Well, not a lot of my friends but I got a couple friends that are chiropractors and one of my really close friends is a chiropractor and um so we talk about business all the time And uh, and some of you guys know for a while we had built up an entire wrestling team out here Boise and I had a bunch of guys trained for Olympics working out here with us And we had a chiropractor to come and once or a couple times a week and adjust the guys and I remember um one time uh One time the chiropractor couldn't come in and all the guys needed someone to adjust him and so Uh, Justin one of the guys that that was wrestling with us. He's like well, I can do it guys I've been adjusting up so he went on youtube and he watched about five or six minutes of videos Of people showing how to adjust. He's like, all right, I get the gist He went and he adjusted the entire team. It did a great job by the way, okay And uh, and so Justin told me this and I started laughing so hard And then I called my my buddy up and not to be rude, but I but I wanted to uh to prove a point to him This is the same point for you guys. I I called him up and said hey chad This is what Justin just did. I started laughing. I said, how does it make you feel to know that? um All of your medical school you went to the just was able to replicate every single thing that you do in your business right now In 10 minutes on youtube and I knew that was gonna like That that was gonna make him upset, but I was trying to prove a point, right? So he starts getting all frustrated like well, you know blah blah blah getting all getting upset at me and at the situation and And I kind of step back and let him let him fume for a little bit because I would be upset too if somebody basically You know took what I what I learned in school and broke it down to 10 minutes And basically was saying that what I did was was useless and let him kind of vent for a while And then and then I stopped back. I said wait so chad I I'm just messing with you kind of but I want I I wouldn't have brought this up If like I'm not just going to call you and just be a jerk, right? I brought this up because there's a purpose behind this and I said I'm just curious like when you're in medical school What else did you learn? He's like well I learned about About you know health and about nutrition about this and all these other things, right? I said how much do you do you charge the typical person that comes in? He said what we do adjustments adjustments or I can't remember like 40 bucks an adjustment, right? I said so all these customers come and they pay you 40 bucks and I said what do you what do you sell them after that? He says I sell them and come in again again, so I can charge the 40 bucks again And I said what about after that? I said is there any way you can provide more value to your clients? He said yeah, I could provide tons of values like I can help them lose weight I can help them feel better. I can help them change their adrenals I can do like all these things. He starts dumping out I said then why aren't you? He said well nobody else does I said that doesn't mean it's not a good thing. I said look man you've This is your value that I mapped out for me. I said this is all you're doing now Is this this $40 adjustment like your entire business is based off of this? Can you really tip the iceberg back here? This is your entire business this $40 thing I'm like you know any people you have to see each week each month each year to make to make a million dollars in a year You do a lot of that man like I'm tired just thinking about it I said what you do is when somebody comes in and you adjust them you gotta figure out what what's the next? You can offer them. How can you provide more value to him? You said well, that's awesome And I can do this I can do this and and right now he's offering them this really cool supplementation and and uh Adrenal fatigue System that you can sell for five thousand dollars people are taking it they're getting results He's providing value for people and now all of a sudden he's making a lot more money weird, huh? Now the other side this is that I said look I look said look Chad This is the other the other hard things right now you're advertising the adjustment Okay, the adjustments not really the sexiest thing in the world I said you got to figure out if you want to get mass people in the front door You got to move a step or two down the value ladder because down here you can bring something that's that's um That's more of a hook that's going to bring somebody in because right now you're selling the exact same thing Every other chiropractor in town is selling everyone's selling a $40 adjustment. So what's your what's different about you? You need to come down the value ladder find something The kind of like my dot-com secrets labs books find something that can bring somebody in the front door And so he's tested a couple different things Um one example he's done massage. Okay, he gives away free massages the people come in They get this free massage and then uh at the at the end of the massage He has the masseuse say man I was massaging and those your spine's kind of out of the line Would you like Dr. Wollner to come in and adjust you and the person's like yeah, why not? So the chattel come in adjust him boom boom boom also He provided value for them and now we can sign them up on an adjustment package I think getting adjusted now you can sell them on a wellness package and boom now He's got this entire this entire value ladder Okay, this is one way he brings people in he just launched a new one It's really really cool as he um He created these classes called a 30 minute reboot which is an information class He comes to to businesses and he gives us things for 30 minutes and he says hey If you'll come in and get adjusted to my at my clinic I'm going to give you all this stuff He gives me this big huge packet with MCT oil and foam rollers and yoga CD all this stuff if they come in And boobies it's a sexy front end he brings them in get some what they need and then from here He can he can sell them into the wellness programs. Okay, so really quickly He took the static the static business that that's that's like a tip of the iceberg style business That couldn't grow without just taking more of his time and by adding in a front end They brought more people in and then adding in a back end that added all this cash in the back Suddenly he's got a profitable clinic that he can scale and he can grow. Okay, so for you guys I want you to think about your business right now Okay, because all your guys businesses are different spots Okay, some of you guys only have a front end some of you guys only have a middle Some of you guys only have a back end and you can make a better well-rounded business by having By having all the steps in the value ladder. Okay I know some of you guys I'm not gonna be able to sell on that some of you guys just want to go straight from From video to high ticket coach and you can do that, but man, I tell you what Um This dot com secret labs book we rolled out man. It has changed our business forever. So anyway Um, and we'll talk more about that next week, but just just this weekend to start thinking about that and uh And kind of get into the mindset So I want you guys to do uh your homework for today And I just want to share with you guys just your homework for today Is start thinking about this Like really map this out and then draw right here like at the very top This is what I focus on first like what's the best thing I can give somebody and focus on that part first And then you can come back and you start pulling things out. Okay the way this works like in an info business a lot of times Let's say your top your value ladder's a workshop. They come they come for three days to your workshop They learn a bunch of stuff. So boom, there's there's your back of the thing, right? Now you need a middle thing What if you took the recordings of that workshop and you started selling them for $500 Move now that becomes a middle of the value ladder thing, right? Let's say you pull the you pull the audios out and have an audio version you sell down here for For a little bit less Okay, and then you pull out the best audio and move that becomes a free plus shipping thing on the front because that's the best Most sexy most exciting thing now you got an entire value ladder Uh going like that. So a lot of people they try to build it this way They try to start down here at the bottom They want to write a book and then they're going to create an audio series and all this kind of stuff But it's really really You know a book on the on the value ladder That's the hardest thing to uh to create and the least amount of money Where if you start back here with like an event or some high ticket thing to begin with And then pull the things out to build out the rest of the value ladder it becomes really really easy Does that make sense you guys? Um, there's kind of a concept I want to share with you guys that I learned this when I was early on Is that people will spend more money on the exact same content packaged in a different way? Okay, let me say that again because this is this is key. This is key to helping this whole value ladder thing makes sense Okay, people will spend more money On the exact same content Packaged in a different way Okay, so what I mean by that is uh when I first got started this business I remember I'd go to a lot of seminars because I was trying to figure this out and trying to learn how this whole internet thing worked and uh, and I had a I heard a speaker actually like three or four speakers this one event all talk about the book think you grow rich And they all said you know, have you read it if you read it and and I hadn't yet and I was like kind of embarrassed I hadn't read it and so um, and so I decided to go to go buy it So I went to amazon and I bought it and it was like ten dollars for this book really cheap, right? And I got I got in my house. I put it down on my next to my bed. I was like, I'm gonna read this every you know each night So fast forward, you know three or four months. I still hadn't ever read the book I'm like, you know what? I'm never gonna read this One day I was surfing on ebay and I typed in think you grow rich and it popped up somebody had an audio CD set Called think you grow rich. I was like, this is awesome. Like I can just listen to my car I'm driving around that I'll actually actually consume all the content So I looked at it. It was a hundred dollars and I didn't even think twice I paid the hundred dollars and got this this audio CD shipped out to me and uh over the next week or so I listened to the car within a week. I had actually read the book think you grow rich I put red in parentheses because uh, obviously I was listening to it, but I was able to consume the content Now let me ask you was there anything different between the ten dollar book that I bought and the hundred dollar CD set Okay No, the content was exactly the same the CDs was just some dude reading the book The content was exactly the same yet I was willing to pay 10 times as much money for the exact same content Package in a different way because it's easier for me to consume, right? If you look at my business you guys what I sell for 25 000 you kind of run up one of my one of my uh My masterminds Okay, I sit down and and I will destroy your business rip it apart rebuild I have a ton of fun with it But everything that I'm teaching and and working on it in a business there is the exact same stuff I'm teaching in my courses Okay, when somebody pays us a hundred thousand dollars plus 10 percent royalty set their call center guess what I'm teaching them Okay, the exact same thing you guys learning today. So for instead of teaching them I'm just doing it for them. Okay exact same content packaged in a different way So I look at my business. I look at that. I say, okay, you know at 25 000 I'm I'm gonna get my hands dirty I'm gonna just do this for them to make it happen hundred grand. I'm gonna flash that off So I'm just gonna set the whole thing up. Okay, a thousand bucks. I'm gonna do a webinar series and go through the entire thing Okay, maybe at at ten bucks. I'm gonna give them a book that kind of explains the concept. Does that make sense you guys? Okay, hopefully that kind of gives you guys Hopefully that helps free you guys a little bit You don't need to go create something something new for each of these different levels the same stuff just how it's consumed Okay all right Yeah, someone said I done for you is sexier Or yeah done for you section than done for yourself exactly see move the value I usually do it with you and then do it for you right as you move as you move up Okay, all right, so let me come back down here Okay, so I'm gonna show this video because this is called Russell story time So I'm gonna tell you guys some story and then we're gonna actually focus on on how to bill out your high ticket thing. Okay, so for me um When I first got started in this business I was I had one of those $10,000 a month businesses, right? I was doing good money But I didn't really have again. There was no back in nothing else in place I just uh, I was selling 37 47 dollar things and in fact, I had a membership site that was uh, 27 bucks a month and I think I had I can't remember I had three or 400 members and I remember I was making about 15 thousand dollars a month off this membership site and the membership site was um, it was this cool site where like I found all these old public domain Books and I was republishing them and they could they could and I would write a sales letter And I'd have everything done and they would take this book and then they could set up and they could sell it and so that was kind of what this uh This membership site was and uh, and I had like said, you know, 300 or 400 people that were in here And I I started like back then I did my own customer support and I saw all these emails people are just confused I can't figure it out on and on and on And I just didn't have time to to go teach them how to do it right? I was giving them the tool to do it, but I didn't have time to teach them how to do it It's one day I was like, you know what? I've seen other people do coaching programs may all do a coaching program and just see what happens So I sent an email out to these 300 customers. I said, hey Uh, a lot of you guys are stuck. I'm thinking about doing a coaching program We're basically over six weeks. I'll do a tell a seminar each week and I'll walk you through how how to make money with these things if you're interested and uh If you're interested, let me know email me back and I started getting all these emails back like over 100 people emailed me saying Yes, I want that. I need that. I'll do it and so, uh, I find so okay, I'll do it and um This is like as unsophisticated as I was I just I sent him an email and there's a paypal button in the email I'm saying if you're interested just click on the paypal button. Send me 500 bucks. You'll be part of this coaching program It didn't think much about it send it out next morning. I woke up and next morning. I had over 15 000 in sales Okay, that's what I was making per month and I made it in a night Okay, so I was like wow this is this is crazy So I sent another email out to these guys. I was like, hey, we're gonna close this down and boom It got over the next three or four days got another 15 000. I mean 30 000 on this first coaching program Okay, that was as much money as I would typically make again in two or three months But the coolest thing is it was all profit. Okay. I already had paid to get these guys on my list They're already customers. I was just selling them The next thing Okay, and so I did this I did the course it was uh, I think I charged 500 bucks for it It lasted six weeks and uh and people were ecstatic. They loved it. It was a great thing And I was just like this is this is cool. I get addicted to this this high ticket thing, right? So then fast forward like seven or eight months later. I had I had an affiliate program at the time I had probably 10 000 affiliates or so who were uh Who were uh who were doing this and you know some were just kind of struggling on on really how to take it the next level And so uh, and so I decided, you know, let's let's uh, let me try this exercise again So I emailed all these all my affiliates. I'm like, okay, if you're stuck as an affiliate. I'm actually a really good affiliate I mean a lot of money is affiliate Just let me know and I'll do a coaching program to show you guys how to do it and again Hundreds of people say yes, I'll do it. Yes, I'll do it. So this time I was like, you know what? Last time I did 500 bucks. I wonder people would pay a thousand for this So I sent it out same thing PayPal button thousand dollar offer and over a week of me promoting it I sold 79 people in 79 thousand dollars From For people who were my affiliates who sign up as an affiliate. I was just teaching them how to do what they'd sign up to do Okay, we went through the program and uh, and it was amazing. Some of my best cases actually came from that from that training program Um, and that was my second time doing high ticket now the third time And I told this uh during the training webinar was I was uh in Matt Furie's high mastermind group and And he was talking about how like you should put on a workshop at your house and charge 5000 bucks He told three or four people that and so next day I sent an email out to my list I told him I was doing a workshop at my house. We had three or four people sign up at five ground a piece And I was just I got addicted. I said man a five thousand dollar sell For me to make five thousand dollars selling my ebooks or my front end software Whatever else it is like I gotta sell a ton of those things Whereas with this in the small scale I can do it very very very quick And so that's what uh, that's kind of what we decided to do and we started doing that Now, um, I want to fast forward probably two years later because I never told this part of the story um, you know I was still just kind of selling selling high-taking stuff onesie twosie and and uh It was good what would happen, but there's no system in place and my goal for you guys obviously is we want to build a system That's just gonna work and it's gonna work for you guys consistently day in and day out, right? and so uh My I got to spot where my back kind of got put up against the wall. I um I had hired a bunch of employees. We didn't have any cash flow coming in It was about christmas time and and I was literally hanging christmas trees christmas lights up around my house Stressed out because I had no idea how to pay payroll that month and it was right for christmas All my friends I'd hired I'm like, I don't have it in my heart to let these guys go I just can't I can't do that to them and so um, and so I I I kind of step back and and uh, we'll try to figure out like I see they're trying to figure out what to do right and uh and um, I was listening to some some people on You know audios and my mp3 player I was going through and someone was talking about how they were selling high-ticket stuff And he said basically what I do is I give away free cd And then after they buy the free cd I have them apply to work with me and then I call them on the phone I sell them my coaching program And I was like, you know what I could do that. That's not that hard It's so um, and so the next day I call on my buddies up. They're working for me. I said look guys just you know Have no money for christmas. I don't have to pay you guys if you want to quit that's cool But I got an idea and I think it might work and so we put together this cd from this There's a dvd that I created a long time earlier never sold it Put it together We decided to give away for free plus shipping people would pay for you know shipping handling We ship it out to him and then afterwards everyone that had had ordered it We'd call him on the phone and we would we would offer them the coaching program So put this thing together one of my friends had done some phone sales in the past for a month or two But he didn't really know what he was doing and none of us did and uh, we set the process up started going out there We sent out some emails. We didn't give away about 800 free cds, which was awesome These guys started calling those 800 people and within a week we'd signed up 11 people at $5,000 of pop $55,000 which paid for payroll paid for christmas for everyone and launched our new business model selling high ticket things We had two people calling back then and we decided, you know, this work Let's keep let's keep it going and we started building our first sales team out of that Now fast forward about two years later. We had 60 sales people It became a nightmare to manage and a whole bunch of other headaches, but we we ended up shutting it down Uh, but we sold a lot of it and so the process I'm taking you guys through is through that We we learned a lot of things that were good a lot of things that were bad and right now We're with a tiny sales floor of two to three people We're doing comparable numbers what we were doing with 60 people before and that's kind of what this whole system is We're showing you guys Okay, now I want to step back because the the big key to this webinar that I want to share with you guys It happened that that day that I was hanging up my christmas lights. Actually, it was the next day so I'm hanging up my christmas lights and um and that's when uh You know, we had this idea we came to the office next day We said look we need to sell this this high ticket thing And we said, well, what are we gonna sell like what are people gonna buy? And so we got out a big huge whiteboard and we started writing we said We said let's figure out like what people actually like how can we provide the most value possible for someone? Like if we could just change somebody's life forever, what what would that look like? What would we do and so we got out a whiteboard? And uh, we started mapping it out. We said, okay The first thing we would do is we definitely like if I'm gonna affect them they need to be here in the office So first thing we do is it's gonna be in Boise and they're gonna come hang out my office and And they're gonna work with me. Okay, and then the next thing you need is they need Oh, excuse me. Let me close this down. They need um, you know, they need whatever They need to build out there their front end or maybe it's their free plus shipping They need us to build out their free plus shipping thing then we need them to do this and we sat there for hours They're probably two or three hours and just mapped out like our dream list of every single thing We could possibly Do for people to provide the most value possible. Okay, and during this point like the brainstorming session we didn't um We didn't really filter it right we didn't want to be like no, it's a bad idea We just want to dump every idea out So we started just building this thing out and eventually we had this whiteboard with like, I don't know 40 or 50 different things that we're gonna offer someone Now the problem is that a lot of times we try to offer people too much stuff and that's not really That that's not what you need especially in a high ticket thing. It's not too much stuff But during this brainstorming session, you see kind of dump it out Okay, I'm telling you guys this because I want you guys doing this for your homework Because I want you guys to go through the same process as me, right? Step number one is is the brainstorming of how you can provide the most The most value possible to somebody. Okay, and don't don't filter it with like You know, it's gonna cost you much by time or this is gonna be possible or whatever They just dump it all out. You need everything out there, right? So you can you kind of look at that now you look at all this stuff And this is the key you guys Okay, and this is where most people miss it. Okay, I've even seen this more and more in like our webinars our sales videos is Is that people are always trying to sell a lot of stuff, right? They create a product and they're selling it and they're selling this bonus and this feature this and they're They're giving people so much stuff that people just get just get confused Okay, if you want to be successful Selling pretty much anything online, but especially high ticket things the second step in here is you got to figure out What's the one thing? Okay What's the one thing you have this can provide the most value possible for that person Okay, so look at this I look back at this list I just created and I gotta figure out What's the one thing because rallies when you're on the phone selling somebody you guys And you'll get this as you get deeper in the scripts with Robbie and everything at that is very like Like I'm not selling somebody this package with a bunch of stuff That's not what I'm doing what I'm selling somebody as a result. Okay. I'm selling them one thing I'm showing them one one life transforming transforming thing. So I don't feel what that is Okay, it's coming to boys life changing. No, not in and of itself. It's not is it uh, You know as a mean create their funnel that might be it I know some people really well that built their entire think off that one thing we will build your funnel out for you Um, is it is it they get spend time with you? Is it they get a private Chat group with you or skype or what's the one thing that's of everything you have it off here? It's the best thing. Okay, you gotta find that one thing And this is this is really gonna be the key. Okay, this is kind of what we're selling about Okay, now from that we look back. So we got the one thing. That's the first thing Then we gotta figure out like like what's the the additional value adds Okay But the additional value adds again, they're not they're not necessarily new things Okay, he's not gonna be like, I'm gonna give you this and I'm gonna give you this and I'm gonna like That she's the infomercial things we're adding and all this stuff that's unrelated It's gotta be things that strengthen this one thing Okay So you look at like one of the programs we're building out right now Is this uh, is this uh, this back-end thing that we're calling expert secrets. Okay, we're trying to help somebody Who who wants to be or who's an expert how to how to turn that into a lot of money? Okay? And so the and again, we haven't quite finished this process yet I'm not sure exactly what the pitch is going to be we're building this as we're kind of going through But I guess the bit the the the The pitch is going to be somewhere tied around the one thing that that all these experts need Is is like their sales funnel right they need that part of it done. So maybe that's the one thing for us Okay, it might not be yet. Again, I haven't finalized this yet for sure Maybe that's the thing is like, hey, you're an expert you wrote a book you need this funnel And that's that's the core the core one thing right Now from there's a whole bunch of of things that will apply value right We give access to our click funnel software that'll build their fun. We give access to our shopping cart We let them come to Boise for three days. We're gonna actually help them build out their funnel We're gonna give them, you know video training over here That's going to help them to create the videos for each thing But they're all things that add value and not like this completely unrelated thing Okay, well the biggest problem people have the coaching program is like you get this you get this And then people get so confused and all these other things that don't strengthen that core one one focus, right? Does it make sense you guys? Okay, like for example when we when I did the the webinar for this for this high ticket thing Um, we were really successful with it You know, I kept struggling because I there's like four or five or six things I wanted to talk about during this webinar now I can provide those things I can give it to them Like like you guys are getting a lot of stuff that that was never talked about in the webinar Because if I did it would cloudy up the pitch Okay, it would make it more confusing and it would raise more questions more problems Okay, when you're creating this offer you guys, that's the the the core is it's the one thing and what things supplement and add value to that core thing Now you can give them everything else on this list if you want to but you're not going to talk to them about it Okay, those those are value add things you only mention you only talk about stuff. That's just going to be the best Okay, or that's going to be it's going to be supporting this this one core concept the one core thing you're going to be selling Okay, that's really kind of how you guys do it now the next thing I have to kind of figure out what that is Then you come back and you gotta figure out Now that we have this like how are we going to actually fulfill on it? Okay, when we first started ours our our our thought was like where do you have people fly to Boise all day long? Now I'm curious if any of you guys can see any issues with that Because I didn't see it at first this took me about six months before I started seeing a huge error in my logic Okay, so the first thing we would sell is 5500 bucks. You come to Boise And I hang out with me and my team. We helped build your your business out. It's gonna be really really fun Okay, now it sold really really well, but there's a big inherent issue we came up with can you guys guess what that is? It's hard to see huh sounds really sexy Okay time was one thing no it wasn't the time See the types suck the types like could be an issue, but we're only doing once a quarter. So wasn't too bad um See it's a hard one, huh? I didn't know I didn't see it until all of a sudden the refunds and the charge back started coming back in The biggest problem we had with that is that Boise is in a location that um as much as I think it's heaven It's hard to get to okay, so we would sign submit for a $5,000 package Once a quarter we had a workshop here boys. They could come to People go three months They they would miss it because man I can't get to Boise and then six months Ah, they miss it can't get to Boise in the nine months and they're at email list for the money back Okay, they forgot why they bought So the problem with it was if people didn't show up to Boise then they've received no value whatsoever Okay, it's because they received no value. They wanted the money back and this whole thing imploded right? And so to remedy that we started looking like okay. Well people you know, they're not coming We're not getting something so they're not gonna cancel because we don't want to give this money back So really quickly we we tried to add in a coaching program And so that's when we started hiring coaches to fulfill on it So when they signed up they got eight weeks with the coach to help walk them through the system and give them to a point Where now they'd be ready to come to the event, but the event became more like a bonus Okay, and uh in fact at first it wasn't most it was part of it and even that people go through eight weeks They wouldn't show up the event. They want half their money back Okay, and it it hurt sales and hurt a lot of a lot of things And so we're positioned at where hey this is what you're getting is eight weeks That's that's the product now as a bonus you come to this event It'll help you a lot And so what happened is then it stopped those refunds from coming Okay, so when you guys are going through this process, you got to think about stuff like that Like the the time suck one you mentioned is a big one like how are you gonna Orchestrate and create something that's not going to suck all your time away from you Okay, you really got to kind of reverse engineer this because obviously we talked about The first goal up here is how can you provide the most value possible for somebody right? That's key But second off is how can you do it in a way that's not going to destroy your your uh Your life and the things that that are that you hold dear You know true to yourself as well Um, I recorded a podcast today and I kind of talked about I said look a lot of us We get in this business and our goal is not to make money Okay, well, let's get this business because our goal is we want to make money so we can get more time and more freedom Or spend more time with our families or be able to travel or to buy my new car or whatever it is, right? That's why we become entrepreneurs. That's why we get into this business But the problem is this business is very addicting. Do you guys agree? Okay, after a while it starts becoming fun. You make money. It's like it's almost like a drug And what happens is people will start this will start consuming your entire life. I fall in this trap multiple times I still fall into it a lot Okay, where it becomes all you all you think about dream about and suddenly all the reasons why you got into this business You start losing them. Okay. I've seen so many people who've lost their families because of because of this business I see people who've lost friends who have lost their health All because they've been so consumed with this business and they become addicted to it It's so it's important that when you're crafting these things out You think about that you think about you know, I'm doing this I'm selling high ticket stuff for the sole purpose of that. I need to be able to to To uh to support my initial goal or dream and I got into this not to create this this full-time thing for me Okay, and so and so think about that when you're creating them now I've seen other people do high ticket stuff in a lot of different ways Um, I know that frank urn and kevin nations for a long time Excuse me. They had like an eight week tell seminar course So you'd sign up you pay eight thousand dollars and each week for eight weeks you listen to a tell seminar where they would It was a recorded tell seminar They teach you the first step in this system and then that friday you could call it and do calling hours Okay, that's something that works great. Okay, especially if it's recorded then you're not doing these these live calls every single Every single week, but you're just doing the the actual Excuse me. I know to get more and more stuff. So they go through this You're just through the friday calling each week, right? Now that's something to use sustainable You can do weekly call ins and answer questions, but you're not every single week doing you know more trainings Okay, so that's what the cow kevin nation does it another really cool thing you can do is if you do want to do events Which I recommend events when somebody comes to an event That's how you make them a real believer. That's how you get your best success stories and testimonials with people who were Who make that commitment to come to an event? So I have some friends the way that they do that because they saw the exact same issue that I had when they were trying to sell Events on their high ticket things what they did is they raised the price of their event by $2,000 I think they were selling six before they raised it to eight and then with that they covered your flights to your hotels up to $2,000 Okay, so what they would so that way it took away people all their excuse as soon as they signed up They would immediately go and they would take two thousand eight thousand dollars that person paid and they would book their hotels and their flights as quick as possible So that person was committed and they weren't going to leave the cash for refund, right? And that gets people to events in fact Simply, I know that that's their whole core. It's these small events. They get people in Okay So there's a lot of ways you can skin the cash just kind of something you guys got to think about like what's going to be most Fitting with your with your lifestyle what you like. Okay, so the way that You know, it's funny because since we relaunched our high ticket stuff Almost a year ago now. We've kind of rebuilt our program multiple times I did it one way and really quickly I found out I don't like it this way So I changed it. We changed it. We changed it three or four times the fact right now It's going through kind of a morph transition as well. And so if you look at like The the way that we're selling ours right now just because it's it's a good again All these things I'm sharing you guys are kind of templates how you can do it Look at how kevination does his that could be a template for how you do it Look at the event model. I can be a template for how you're doing it The way that we're doing it now is when somebody signs up again, there's usually there's like an eight thousand dollar path And then there's like a twenty five thousand dollar path Okay, now if it's eight thousand dollars what they're getting Initially because I want to get somebody I want to I want to give them an immediate result because that gets for the buyers remorse and stuff like that eight thousand bucks. They have a chance to get on the phone with uh, with one of my business partners And they sit down and look what they've got and they do a whole like hour to two hour long Crateak with them and help them kind of rebuild change and structure their business in a spot Um, where where they've gotten this huge immediate immense value and now they know wow now know what to do Okay, that's the first thing twenty five thousand dollar person same kind of thing But it's me on the phone with them and I'm going through this process Okay, now for both these guys after that process is done. I dropped them into something A two-step thing one um, excuse me Is there is there is a training route? Okay, where they're getting they're getting uh training to help them through a system Okay, it's not just random training but saying here's step one here's step two Here's step three and they move through this whole process and uh until they're they're done at the end right these are these are um Uh, well the first time I'm finishing it up right now right now. It's been live moving forward. These will all be recorded Uh, just take my recordings and automating them and they go through this whole this whole process, right? And then so basically the way it is is is they go through this training and then afterwards I have a members area where they can submit video and audio questions to me Okay, so here's cue questions And uh, what's cool about that is that it's kind of like The biggest thing like one-on-one coaching for any of you guys who've ever done it before is you get on the phone And you have to answer the same questions for every single person every single time Okay, and there's nothing wrong with that but after a while you're just like man I wish there was an easier way so what we found is you let them go it's kind of like college classroom, right? They go to college classroom and they hear the the lecture the the professor lecture on topic They learn 90 percent of it most of the questions will be answered Then if they need help they can go and call the teacher's aid and teachers they'll help them get unstuck Okay, so that's what ours is set up right now. So they get the initial initial console Which helps kind of point them in the right direction you over here. They've got eight weeks of Of curriculum that that pushes them to a certain result We're trying to get for them and each week after they finish watching the training They can ask me any questions they want help get it stuck Um, I use a service called japkin j a p k i n Where I just put this little code in my members area. They can submit questions to me and they They answer they personally answer me back and forth. It's really cool. Once we get logged in there I just respond to everyone's questions and it's uh, it's really a fun process. So go that whole thing through there Um, and then at the end of this There are a couple things So the end of this there's the second intake call, but this intake call is different Okay, so what happens is this one usually people come in here and their business is kind of all over the place We're trying to get them some people don't have a business chance We're trying to get them structured just just have a focus and a goal and a direction Okay, then here helps them implement that that direction So implementation then the end of it now I want to see if what if what they learned is good So what we have is we have a program we call decade in the day decade in uh day Which is basically a one day virtual mastermind meeting So they've have to go through this whole process and they can submit and why do I get on a webinar for eight or ten hours? It's really fun. I spend an hour on each person's business and they say okay, I went through this whole thing Here's what I have live right now, and I personally go through and say okay. This is good You got changes tweak this move this and we just go through we just we beat it up And get get it all cleaned up and perfect. They get stuck anywhere. We just fix all that And so this whole process is happening It's a one-day thing that's kind of like another consult call Except for it's after they've gone through this process. So now I could take I could take what they have and move it from good from good to great Right, that's kind of my my process here. I'm taking something usually from from nothing Actually put it down here. We're going from from from nothing to to good They go this process now. They got a good business. They've never taken something good too great Okay now from here. Oh, there's one other thing here in the middle Uh with this as well. We have office calling hours with my two partners so we have uh office calling hours So they can call so they can send me videos throughout the week, but they need to talk to them right now Um each week. There's there's a calling hours. They talk to Brent or John and these are guys who have been in my business for the last You know five six seven years who work on every single funnel with me You know, my business is good if not better than me and call and get unstuck with air So that's kind of this process as well. We got a decade a day a decade a day There's there's two things I'm doing here. One is I take help them to kind of like this is kind of like the graduation almost So we've gone through this process. You've got a good business Let's make it great and then if you're an eight thousand dollar person here It kind of that's the that's the end of the road you you're finished. Congratulations Now you can go and make this thing this thing awesome, right? If you're a 25 thousand dollar person, then you jump down here and you come to my uh mastermind So you can come to Boise three times a year And uh, you don't have to come three times. You gotta come at least twice And what's cool about that is then we get to work throughout the entire 12 month period We're gonna keep working with you. Okay. Now. What do you think you we do with these guys right here? They've been finished eight thousand dollars Let's see how well you guys know me By now Okay, they just paid eight thousand dollars. They received immense value. We've done some awesome stuff I would be ashamed of myself if I didn't do this So we do so from here. It's a mess is awesome You guys need to be in our inner circle and from here we sell them into our 25 thousand dollar coaching package And a big percentage of them take that because now they've already done all this hard work And then from there we just dropped them right here. Hey, you've already gone through the coaching part Do this and jump right in and you got access to our masterminds and we applied eight thousand dollars They spent towards this so they actually get a discount and uh, it works really really good So Cool. Does that make sense you guys? Do you see how we're doing it? So this is how we structured it What's nice about this for me you guys Is from a time standpoint like like we will sell this year somewhere between three and five million dollars worth of this Okay, let me tell you the time commitment that takes for me Okay, for those who pay 25 grand I get on the phone with them for an hour and I love it I have I have a ton of fun with this. Okay, so I spent an hour on the phone with these guys They've eight grand I don't talk to them personally then they're talking to someone else on my team that I had to go through record all these things once Which is uh, which has been which is a fun process to record them all once and then they answer questions So one day a week I maybe spent an hour answering these these video questions Okay, so look at one hour here for the entire group Okay, then once a month I do a decade a day So one day a month I do this and this is like one of my favorite I I enjoy this I would do this if I didn't get paid but I do it And then three times a year I do a two-day event So look at it one two three four five six days here. So six days total here I'm looking decade I've got 12 days total here And then here again, it's an hour a week. So You know, however much time that is and over here So I'm saying maybe between these two things looking maybe another throughout an entire year maybe another 10 days Okay, so I'm working 10 12 so we have 22 plus six so 20 28 28 hours Or excuse me 28 uh Or 28 days, sorry 28 days 20 days a year, so I'm working 28 days a year Um to fulfill on something that'll make me between three and five million dollars this year alone Okay, who here would pay would work one month a year to make three to five million dollars Okay, but that's the way we structured it and took us a while to get to this point Where where it's kind of in a spot that that makes sense and it's good now for you guys what I recommend is Again, you don't have to build this whole thing out. Just feel what works for you Maybe all you want to do is like a decade of the day type virtual master mastermind Maybe you just want to do this coaching part in the middle. Maybe you just want to do the mastermind groups Okay, you don't do all of them all together We used to that because we had people coming at different levels and we wanted to to figure out ways to provide value to all of them But this is kind of the the process that uh that we did it um Okay, so uh There's a couple questions here. Okay. What was in the video service? Yeah, let me pull that up. So uh, one of the video services is uh, it's called or the one we use called japkyn j-a-p k-i-n You do the four website version I don't even know how much the cost it's cheap though. You get a 45 day free trial You put a little code in your members area. They click on this button looks like this Pops up they record a video message and they can send me video messages I send video messages back and so it's really kind of personal and people love it Um, so that's a good question Next question. What is this one on one or group coaching? Okay, so this right here this initial intake call is one on one This whole thing in the middle is all group Uh decade a day is a smaller group But the most we have is about 10 people on that at a time and then here the the masterminds a smaller group Usually between 10 and 20 people will go into this. So it's kind of a blend of of of each of those Uh, next one. How much of this is built on people knowing liking and trusting you? Um, a lot of it is and that's but that all comes back to this you guys This value ladder is specifically designed as you'll see next week to get people to know you to like you and to trust you Like that's that's really the reality of it. Okay, and so You know, you may say that hey Russell, you're more of a likeable person than me, but I don't think that's true I just think that we've engineered things in a way that are crafted to make people like me Okay, and I'll show you guys that process. You'll see tomorrow when we do the next training. I'll show you my homework page Um, it's literally created to get people to like me. In fact, I was out in Dallas and one of our coaching clients was out There's named Simon. He's awesome. He's one of my favorite people and uh, just someone who who took the coaching and just running with it He's gonna make I mean, he's just doing awesome stuff But he was telling me he's like man, I applied for your thing He's like, I knew you were but I really know much about you and I applied just kind of just to see it out Fill it out. I just in fact it was funny. He he uh, he bought dot-com secrets labs So we had our sales scripts inside the dot-com secrets labs book So he's like, I just wanted to see your sales script So he applied and he said after he applied he landed on the next page and there's this video of me an emotional video And he watched he said I was bawling my eyes out. He's like I was crying and he's like I just knew that I trusted you and I wanted to work with you. He's like somebody called from your office He's like I literally was reading the script as they were going through. I knew everything they were going to say But because I had so much Trust and received so much value from you already. I was ready to sign up. Okay So that's kind of stuff that I'll be helping you guys with Next week, but it's a big part of it. Okay If I just would have sold straight 25,000 bucks, nobody would have done it But because we're engineering this funnel Um, in a way to help build the to get people to know me like me and trust me. That's how you that's how you do it It's all the value ladder stuff. We're talking about guys Good questions any other questions you guys have right now? Okay What I recommend for you guys do is do the exact same thing that that I did sit down with your team And spend an hour or two hours trying to build out like the perfect offer like if we could fulfill on something What would be the best thing we could possibly what's the most value we could provide for somebody so that's step first And they map it out like this. Okay, they're gonna sign up. What are they getting? Okay And I like setting it up. I can end up in a sequence because if you're like, hey, you're gonna get all this stuff Again, it's just kind of this confusing thing Okay, my coaching program is focused on the one core thing like we talked about Okay, and everything in here is to fill us to facilitate that. Okay intake calls to help you get Straight and focused on that one core thing this uh eight week Group coaching is all focused on again. How does how to supplement help you get that one thing? You're pushing all ever to a result the decade a day is now again a focus of getting you to uh To do that one thing and then the mastermind is the same thing. Okay Um, and again all the stuff that we do you guys you can learn about it uh, you know, if you just go through my courses and my my Everything else but again people as you understand now, hopefully people will pay more money for the exact same content package in a different way Okay, and this is the way that I feel I can provide the most value for people in the world And that's really what we're uh, we're kind of focusing on so for you guys you get same thing So I recommend for your homework A couple things first off so step number one for your homework Pulls up. I want you to draw this value ladder. I want you guys to kind of to kind of build this thing out Okay, what's going to be happening each rung of your value ladder that's step number one Number two is you're sitting on wipe out what could be your dream offer? Like what is the greatest thing you could do and write down every single thing like I showed you And then pick the one core thing that you're going to be helping people the one big transformation you can get for people And after you have that then map out how you're going to facilitate that What's the process you're going to take somebody through? Like I said, this mine's pretty intense you guys Um, you could do just this piece of it and you can sell that for $8,000 all day long Okay, you could do just this piece of it just to master my piece of it and sell that for You know 25 30 thousand dollars. Okay, you don't have to do everything I've done That's just the way I did it because I want to again provide as much value as possible and do it in a way That's that's really cool. And it's just fun for me because I get to know people's businesses That's why I love doing the intake calls here the decade a day because Um, it just it's fun for me. I really enjoy it Cool A couple of questions Let's see All right Okay, so Russell if we're a no neighbor, what's the best strategy to reach your audience and start offering training? Okay, um, I'm gonna answer that next week because it's all about your funnel Your funnel is what's going to turn you from a no-name or to somebody who's a rock star. That's just cool about it. You guys is like The internet is just it's It's perception. How do you how do you I don't say the word manipulate but how do you manipulate perception? Okay, that's what funnels are all about funnels are taking this cold traffic But somebody who's never met you before and you're taking them through a process through a value ladder to manipulate that perception So that they like you and they trust you and they want to buy from you Okay, and so I'll show you that's that's all next next week's training is is going through that process you guys So good question What do you use to create a membership site? We have new software We're actually about to learn about two weeks from launching it called click funnels If you go to click funnels.com you kind of see a video showing a little bit of it Uh, but we'll be launching that that's what we use for all the membership sites now super easy Um, I missed the beginnings. Hopefully you didn't already address this but what if our opportunity is high ticket? I'm in and we have your okay. Cool. So, oh, let me go back to that. That's a good question This is for like the network marketers in the group So say your network marketer and you're like my back end is my is my company, right? So for example, uh, she just mentioned Uh, uh, she yeah, she just mentioned. Uh, grn is her back end, right? So grn Uh, I think it's like a two or five or $10,000. So it's high ticket in and of itself, right? So that's awesome. You're selling you're selling that as as your that's your your back end thing Um, sometimes though This comes back to like here, right? Sometimes your mlm is more of a middle of the value ladder, right? Like let's say you're in vise-salis. You're selling, uh, you know your $50 a month shake it, right? Now you're in the middle of the value ladder So someone's losing weight with you through vise-salis. What what other value can you offer that person? Okay Maybe you can find personal coaching or you can provide there's a lot of other stuff you can do Okay, I can't tell you how many of the mlm's that I'm in that we sell somebody think it's right here And then our goal now we sold them is to send them up the value ladder Okay, so we guys know pure leverage. We want a Ferrari the big pure leverage affiliate mlm contest Okay, we've we we want a Ferrari. I made a lot of money from from this thing right here We made a whole bunch more money for people in pure leverage who bought our coaching program Okay flat out we we have and that's just kind of that just kind of works because I just proved that this whole thing works now. Hey come over here and uh for $5,000 $8,000 I'm gonna show you how to do the exact same thing. I just did with that I just did okay and boom. That's the value ladder Okay, so if g r n you're back thing same process the same that's that's what we want to sell the back and the same thing is the same Everything's the same But you're gonna take somebody through this value ladder to position why they should be buying from you and why you're different And all this kind of stuff and again that that Conceptually, that's the value ladder next week will be the specifics as we actually build it out for you or with you Okay, um And again for those who missed the beginning, uh, we this is recorded I'll get the recording out to you guys. Hopefully in the next 24 hours Um, there's a version what you offered step one two three four Okay, so 30 second version what I offered step one two three four step one Is my dot com secrets labs book Step number two is a training course kind of like this one high ticket secrets And then step number three would be my 8,000 or my 25,000 dollar coaching programs boom boom boom That was less than that was less than 30 seconds. Hope that was all right. Okay I have only launched one program which was 197 dollars. How can I charge $5,000? Okay So eat this because back when I talked about before people spend more money for the exact same content Packaged in a different way. Okay, so you have a hundred ninety seven dollar product right now You're in the middle of your value ladder. Okay, imagine you do that now now let's um And you don't know what that is but But let's say you go and you You sit down and say, okay this the system they bought for hundred ninety seven dollars How can I add more value to that? Well, maybe they what if they come out to my to my house and I help them set it up Or maybe I do like eight week coaching program with them directly where I get on the call each week for eight weeks Maybe I do group group coaching for for for three months. Okay You just take that same thing you just bought and how can you now provide? Additional coaching resources help to that person more value to that person And suddenly you can you can change the the package from a 200 dollar thing to a $5,000 thing very very easily very easily Okay, um Russell in your experience. What is the best way to get traffic? Um for what we're doing right now you guys, uh, the core way to drive traffic is going to be facebook Uh, because you can target You can target better than anything The majority of our leads for our coaching is coming from facebook and we'll show you that week number four We'll be focusing all on traffic. I'd say number two would be solo ads And we'll walk you through that so on week number four I'll be walking us through all the the traffic strategies that we do It's a bunch of traffic strategies only two that really work well for two or three that work really well for this uh for what we're doing Okay, which is the best way to target the fluent people on facebook. We'll cover that on week four of the traffic I'm not going to cover that right now, uh, but it's very easy to target them Okay, um So many questions coming in now. All right, uh Russell you familiar with fdc bizop rule from what I understand We can't offer to assist them at all and getting traffic leads customers. Give them any better insights Uh, well, Greg. I'm not a lawyer. I don't play on tv. I don't even like lawyers Uh, but the bizop rule as it reads Um, it's it's not saying coaching if you're selling a bizop like Like I would say a power network is a bizop. Moby is a bizop There those fall into different rules and laws Coaching is not a bizop Okay, if you position it where this is big it's a business opportunity it might be but don't position it as a business opportunity Okay, you're not selling a business opportunity. You are selling coaching big difference. Okay. I can coach you on your bizop You're in some other business. I'm gonna coach you on how to be successful how to drive traffic Jerry leads But I'm not I'm not selling you a business opportunity. I'm selling you coaching on whatever it is you're doing Now brings me another thing you guys actually I want to I want to mention because this is this is a key So a lot of times the back of your value ladder you're gonna be like the best thing I can do for someone is become a partner with them a business partner Now I need to warn you Over and over and over again about this because the very first high ticket thing I sold one of the first things We sold for 10 grand. It was a partnership thing when they came in and we became partners with them We actually did everything we set up companies with them and did a whole bunch of stuff and I found out a little Like a week after we launched this from an sec lawyer that when you start selling shares of your company Which is what I was doing basically is that you switch from like traditional business laws even business opportunity laws to You're selling either like a franchise or business opportunity or you're selling securities Now when you switch to selling securities, guess what happens you're under a whole new set of laws you're You're uh, you're under like the sec security exchange commission Now the fdc if the fdc gets you in trouble you get fined you get a lot of trouble, right? But you don't usually go to jail with sec when you get in trouble sec They lock you up for a long long time I don't know if you guys watch american green But almost every single one of the scams on that show turns It's it's somebody who's selling people into an investment or to a business whatever it is and they start dealing with sec So never never never sell a partnership Okay, I promise you you all think it's the greatest idea in the world because it's a high ticket thing It's really sexy to sell Okay, we had someone in our 25 thousand dollar mastermind group Two weeks ago we met and their whole business is based around this partnership And I was like look you will go to jail for that you got it like unless you want to go get You know licensed to be able to sell securities you cannot be doing that and even if you could do that It's just the sec puts you in jail when you mess with them. So don't sell a partnership. You're selling coaching Okay, um either coaching or done for you or something like that, but do not sell partnerships Okay, hope that warning Will save some of you guys some some big headaches Okay, um, let's see Okay, so high-end tickets tickets are suitable for high-end clients. You're right And again, we'll talk about in when we talk about funnels and then traffic So it's a two-step process. So guys it kind of comes down to this like the first step Comes down to like what's the bait you're using? Let me like Like if your product is how to make a million dollars on the internet doing nothing guess who's going to buy that product Okay, the kind of people you do not want. I promise you that okay. We we have our front in our bait. Okay, I'm gonna call us our bait Okay, our bait was specifically designed to attract an affluent client that I wanted to have okay So my bait for our core fund right now is our dot-com secrets labs book Okay, they think about dcs labs. What's interesting about it is it's teach people how to do split tests, right? So somebody who's like a business opportunity speaker seeker if they see a book about split testing, what are they gonna do? They're not gonna know what that means. They're like, what is he talking about? I want to make money, right? Now somebody who's got a business and they actually Have websites and they see something about split testing. This is like the greatest thing in the world for him Okay, so I created bait that would attract the client of clients that I wanted Okay, I had a coaching call a little bit ago with one of my friends who's uh, that's the biggest thing He's like i'm selling tons of coaching, but i'm getting all these clients. I don't want to work with And so what's your bait? It's like how to make a million dollars and five seconds on facebook Like well you fish with the right that kind of bait you're gonna get that kind of a client Like if you want to if you want to change who you who you attract you got to change your bait, okay? So that's the first thing Second thing is targeting the right people on facebook That's big and then uh and then take them through the process that we'll show you guys but back to the high ticket stuff But the the key guys really is if you want the if you want to fluent people it can spend money It's all about the bait that you're using to attract them and then where you're what pawns you're fishing at it Which is all the targeting we'll talk about with facebook stuff So hope that helps um Okay Our ditches recruiters is that still soul adds in facebook? Um I'm not positive. I'd have to look deeper into that When we get on the traffic section Uh, hopefully that point you'll have most of your funnel built out Please show it to me and we can give you direct feedback on that Um, i'm not sure about soul lads. I'd have to look see if I can find soul lads with that kind of person facebook I assume you could target but maybe not if not They're there we just gotta find out we gotta find out what are that pawns at and then we go out there and we can find them um all right Okay, so so if you have a high ticket bizop would a middle program be like a pure leverage get people in through pure leverage And then sell them high ticket So yeah, you kind of can you guys but look for somebody who's made millions of dollars network marketing The biggest thing I can tell you is the company needs to be the afterthought Okay, p that let me say that again the company is an afterthought what people need to be buying is you Okay, so what you got to figure out if you want to be really successful make millions of dollars network marketing or anything like You've got to break out of like i'm gonna sell in pure leverage then then empower and then g r n like What you got to sell is you look at the people who are really successful look at michelle pesco salita. What's she selling? She's selling a course now. She generates leads on facebook Okay, that's her bait Okay, it builds her brands her it gets people to want to listen to her right And so that's the uh, that's the bait. She's she's uh, she's using all right Um, and so for you guys the same thing you need to you need to kind of choreograph this and get it So you've got you got the right bait um All right, cool. I think i've answered um, I think it will hopefully answer most of the questions um For today, I've got to jump off. I've got a call happening right now, but um We've gone for about 90 minutes. Hope you guys got a ton of value from this Next week we're going to be talking again, uh more specifically about actually building out the uh the funnel and um The two-step funnel and then week three will be call center and then week four will be traffic So it's a it's a short path to the end you guys, but uh, hopefully you're loving it and you can go to members there There's tons of really cool things in there as well. I appreciate you guys taking the jump And and uh investing in the programming part of it and we'll talk to you guys soon. Thanks everyone