Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and I'm here with my good friend Robbie Summers and we're excited to have you guys here on the webinar for today. So today we're going to be covering the third module which is actually setting up your mini call center and so I'm lucky enough to have Robbie here. Now before I kind of pass it over I want to let you guys know that Robbie practices what he preaches at every single day. In fact he just literally about three minutes ago got off the phone call closed a $15,000 deal and I got my money button. We should give everyone a money button. Let's get everybody a kajing money button. That is a great idea. I wonder where we get these. Like ten years ago somebody said it's kajing money button. It's like one of the staples easy buttons but it's green with a money sign on it and every time they make a sell we push it. And I think we should anyway I'll look into it because they're pretty awesome. I think Russell's a little addicted to the he likes pushing that button. It's a good button. It's my favorite button. So I'm excited for today. We got a lot of questions that have come in from you guys over the last week preparing for Robbie's stuff. And so he's going to go through a lot of logistics about how to set up your call center, the scripts, the hiring, the firing, all that kind of fun stuff. And a lot of the information we cover is kind of in the members area. He'll show you some of that stuff. So if you want to get deeper into it we recorded probably six or seven or eight hours with the stuff that's in there. But this one's kind of more for you guys to have Robbie kind of one on one and ask any questions you want and him kind of go through an overview of everything you need to set up your call center. We know a lot of you guys are the spots now where you're hiring reps. You've got a couple people and you're training them. And so that's why I wanted to bring Robbie on for you guys now. So without further ado, I think that if you guys watch the webinar to get you into high ticket secrets, you know my respect for Robbie and how awesome he is. And he's been working with us doing high ticket sales for a long time. And since we kind of re-transform this thing, you've come in and I think in the last, well, month and a half you've done probably over a dozen, $25,000 sales, a couple dozen, you know, anywhere from eight to 15,000. And it just, it works. Everything he's talking about works and it's changed our business again. And so I'm just excited to bring this to you. So Robbie, thanks so much for being here. I'll let you kind of take it away. Awesome. Thanks, Russell. Hey, it's good to be here with you guys and it looks too like Mike, you're here. That's exciting. And Richard and I, we spoke, it was last week and so it's good to have you guys here on the call as well. A lot of exciting things that we're going to talk about today and a lot of it's just going to be some recap of what's already in the members area because really everything that you guys need to really be successful that we, Russell and I have really, really detailed it out step by step of exactly everything that you need. And Richard, it looks like you've got a question and if anybody has questions, just right off the cuff. I might shelf your question and say, hey, we'll get to that in just a minute. But Richard's question, it's pretty quick, pretty simple. He's asking who gets the commission, the setter or the closer or both. The answer there is both. We just split it in half. We've tried doing it other ways where you divide it up one way or another and it just doesn't work. It really creates a great team atmosphere when you've got people that are working together to create that and put in the commission together. And so it's split right down the middle. If we do a $10,000 sale, the setter gets $5,000 of the volume and the closer gets $5,000 of the volume and then they get paid their percentages directly on that. So if they're at a 10% commission, they put $5,000 on the scoreboard, their paycheck would be $500 for that week. And so that was just a quick question that Richard had to get started out. The very first thing I want to do is I kind of want to go into the members area. And if my specialty is not technology, it's talking to people and talking to them on the phone. And so if I mess something up, Russell's here to help me out, but bear with me on this. So the very first thing within the members area, and just to kind of get a good overview of what's there and how it's all put together, the very first thing that when you come into this that everybody should click on is how to set up a call center. And here we've got Russell and I, I think it's about a two hour video, and we really break down step by step everything that comes into play when we actually set up a call center. But within this, and if you'll click on your resources tab as well, that all the slides that we've used throughout the entire webinar or the entire video that we did, Russell and I, all the slides are there where it says set up mini call center PDF. And so that's something that I tell everybody to click on and just kind of start with one of the biggest questions that we've been getting is the hiring. How do I find the salespeople? Where are they at? What types of things do I need to be asking them? What kind of ad do I need to put out there? All of that information is right there within the members area, and we really explain how to find the right people, how to find superstars. One of the things that it's so critical to understand is the quote that I have there by Thad Sillman, and he says, I'd rather, I'd much rather have an empty seat than an empty suit. And it's so important that you hire the right people. I'm a firm believer in hiring, especially for salespeople. Be painfully slow in hiring salespeople. And I can say this because I'm a sales guy, but salespeople can be a real pain in the neck if you hire the wrong people. Be painfully slow to hire and be very quick to fire a salesperson. If they're not living up to the things that you want them and you need them to do, get them out of there and find the right people. The ad that we use. And it sounds, sometimes it can sound a little bit cheesy, and that's okay. We're wanting to attract the right type of person. And don't be afraid if you're not getting a ton of responses to your ad. The whole purpose of this ad is to save you time. If you're getting tons and tons of responses to this ad, you're not putting it together right. It's not going in your advertisement places, whether it's Craigslist or the newspaper. You're not putting it in the right places. And what we do when we place that ad, it literally, we say we're looking for sales superstars if you're not a top performer, don't even call. Our average performer makes between $50,000 and $100,000 a year. Our superstars make well over $200,000 a year. This position is only for the best salespeople. Please call Robbie and let me know why we should hire you. Depending upon where you live, you know, some places, if you're working right in New York City, you might want to adjust what your average performers make and what the superstars make if you're living in a small community where somebody making $30,000 a year would excite them. You can change that a little bit, but it's really something that, in my opinion, with what your salespeople do, if they're not making at least a six-figure income, that they're really not the right types of people. You want somebody who's motivated to make at least six-figure, have a good lifestyle, pretty well anywhere they live in the country. The places that we place the ads, it's in a lot of different places. Craigslist, traditional newspaper advertising. Also if, you know, current team members bonus them, get them to drive people in. But this right here is really where I've found a lot of people and it's always been looking for talent, whether it's Best Buy, the furniture store, Nordstrom's. When somebody is able to come up to you, communicate with you, and be able to walk you through a process and you have a good sales experience, don't be afraid to talk to that person, offer him a job, give him an opportunity to be able to come and work with you. Now let's see, we have a couple of questions. First of all, Richard, he asked, what do you do if you have leads coming in and don't have the setter and closer in place? Richard, first thing, you don't want to let leads sit. And I am not, I would tell you the short answer there is get them in place. Number two, the second thing that I would say, particularly with that, is I would say that if you have to get on the phone and you're the guy that's on the phone selling them, do that but make that happen and get away from that as quickly as possible. The last thing in the world you want to do is to ruin what we call your posture. And you're going to be the expert, Richard, with our conversation. I know this, that people are going to look to you, you're going to be the quote unquote the guru that's working with us, that you're going to be working with them. And so just as quickly as possible, get that setter and that closer in place and work with them. If you can find somebody that can communicate well, get them in there, get them trained, all the training is in there and it works. Let's see, I've got another Esperanza, she asked, she followed the script for advertising, for finding, and I'm guessing that's what we're talking about Esperanza, but you follow the script and you put the ad out there and nobody responded yet. That's not a bad thing. That means that, and sometimes it can take some time to hire the right people. The last thing in the world you want is to be inundated with trying to weed out what a good salesperson is and a bad salesperson. We would run this ad, particularly in Craigslist, every single day. And we'd have to get different Craigslist accounts because you can't run the same ad, they'll flag it and pull it off, but we would run this ad every single day. And we would get, and we're in Boise, so it's a small area, a small community, I think there's quarter million people in the Treasure Valley is what they call it. So there's not a lot of people, and off of this ad, we would get two to three people that would call in a week as we're consistently running it week in and week out. And so what I would say is don't get discouraged Esperanza if you're not getting a lot of responses. Keep putting the ad out there because you want to find the right salespeople to be working with you. Do you ever recruit the people who cold call you? Absolutely. If you've got somebody who's cold calling you and they do a good job, whether they're cold calling me or knocking on my door, there's absolutely potential there. We've hired people that were going around, they were selling door-to-door sales company here in Boise called Quality Meats, and they deliver your Omaha steaks or whatever once a month, and absolutely we've hired people doing that. Whether they're cold calling or they come to your door, that's a great place to look for people as well. Does your staff have to be at the same location? Not necessarily, but I would recommend as soon as it's possible. If initially you're working out of your house or out of your basement, you definitely want to get to the point as quickly as possible where everybody can be together. There's so much power in that synergy. If somebody's working hard and things aren't, you've got your two or three salespeople, if they need a boost up, they need some motivation, they need some drive, you definitely want to try and get them to the position and the point where you do have people together. You can do it remotely, but that would be something that as quickly as possible, I'd want to get the salespeople directly in the office with me, that they're working with me, that they understand who me is the guru, who I am, what I'm doing. There's so much power for myself and also for Troy and Kimberly to be the next office over from Russell and Brent and John and to be able to communicate with them. There's so much power in proximity. If you don't have the space right now to do it, that's fine, but as soon as you can get to the point where you can get a small office, I think that the office that the three of us are in, we might be 250 square feet. You don't need a whole lot of space, you don't need a whole lot of room to be able to do it. You just got to be in a place in a position where you can have that synergy and that energy. It goes so far with your sales team that you have. The next thing as far as once you've got somebody who responds to the ad, and this can be something that can be kind of scary. The reason behind that is because, number one, you don't get a lot of people that respond to your ad. All of a sudden, I get these people that respond to my ad and I'm thinking to myself, holy cow, this is a great person. I want to get them hired. I want them to start working because they responded to my ad. One of the very first things that we want to do is we want to, in either the phone interview or the actual face-to-face interview, is what I've got on here is the defining moment in the interview. In the defining moment of the interview is where you reject them and tell them that you're not hearing a superstar. I'm not hearing a high-quality salesperson. You don't have me convinced. You tell them something along those lines. It surprises me how many people that I've talked to that once you reject them in an interview, they looked at you, their eyes kind of go down to the floor, and all of a sudden they say, oh, well, all right, I guess I'll go and talk to somebody else. That defining moment when I reject them and tell them, I'm not hearing a superstar regardless of how good they sound. It doesn't matter if you think that you just have the next zig-ziggler in your office, the next chat homes, whatever it is. The defining moment, it can either happen in a face-to-face interview or it can happen over the phone, whichever one you want to do. It doesn't matter, but you want to make sure that at some point in the interview process that you reject them. I remember the very first time that this happened to me that I looked at the HR guy who had said, gosh, Robbie, I'm just not hearing superstar. I looked at him and I said, gosh, so it sounds like to me, James, you want to make less money. Right after that, James, he says, hey, Robbie, you're hired. Then he took the time to explain to me what he was doing. If somebody is going to that easily, be rejected at you saying, hey, you're not a good fit for my team. You're not a good fit for our company. I don't see superstar in you. With just one simple rejection from you, that exact same thing is going to happen on the phone. The first time that somebody says, gosh, I don't think Russell Brunson can help me to build and grow my business. What's going to happen is they're going to look down at the floor and they're going to say, oh, well, all right, and they're going to get off the phone. Because if you have somebody who's comfortable with rejection, and it's something that I'm really comfortable with rejection, and this all came from my dating life, I have a beautiful, beautiful wife, and you guys have all seen a picture of me. Gosh, I had to do some amazing sales to get that girl. But that rejection, it happened a lot. If I've got somebody who's not comfortable with rejection, isn't okay with it. They're never ever going to make it on a phone sale. They're never ever going to make it in high ticket sales. It's just not something that's going to work out for them. Make sure that every single person that you talk to, you're taking the time to reject them. After you reject them, and especially the ones that come back with a good response, whatever it is. I've had people look at me and say, what are you, stupid? And as funny as that might sound, that's exactly the person that I want to hire. And explain to them why it is that we reject them. And most high ticket salespeople, most superstar salesmen, once they sit back and once it's explained to them at that point, they'll say, ah, that makes sense why you're doing what you're doing. And all of a sudden, you have the ability to find those people that are your DI personality types. So instead of you spending 36 bucks on every person that applies, all of a sudden you weed them out with just a couple of questions that you're able to make sure that they fit that driver personality, the influence personality that you're able to find and to work with those people. Like I said, hiring has been probably one of the biggest questions that we have had. Does anybody have any questions so far, anything we covered, anything else that maybe we haven't covered? Okay, as Esperanza, the PowerPoint, if you'll go into setting up a call center, that PowerPoint and let's see, and under the resources tab, that you'll find that there. Just give me a yes if you found it, Esperanza. Mike, on average, and what we shoot for it, and these numbers are here too as well, that our expectations, what we focus on, what we work on, number one is obviously sales. And minimum, when we look at number one at the end of each week, they should do a minimum of $7,000 in personal sales. Reason behind that is that that averages out to about $1,000 a week for the salesperson on the commission structure that's in there. All of a sudden, I've got somebody who's minimum making $50,000 a year. I don't really like working with minimums, but at the same token, that's the number one thing that we look for. Now, the next things that we look at is if they're not hitting that minimum expectation, what are some specific measurable results for them to look at? So number one is how many dials are they making? If somebody's not hitting their goal in numbers, what we look at is $100 per day or $500 per week. Now, you guys think, well, gosh, I don't have 100 leads for every single person every single day. Sometimes and not sometimes, but on average, what I like to have each salesperson to have is 30 quality leads per person each week. Now, I'm going to burn through, either they're going to become a sale or they're not going to have money or they're just not going to be a fit for the team, that each and every week that I'm going to run through a number of those leads. And at the end of the week, I might be left with five or 10 leads. But over a course of time, you're going to build that up and you're going to have a stack of leads that you can turn around and you can work through. And so what that might mean, though, is that in one day, I might go through my 30 leads, especially if I don't have a backlog of leads, a pile of leads I can be working through, that I might be going through those leads two or three times in a day. And if your leads are set up the way that Russell has taught you guys how to get your leads coming in where people are actually applying to be able to work with you, where they want, they've asked for a call, that these things are happening, that people don't get upset, they don't get frustrated that you're calling them two or three times in a day because that person on the other end of the line has asked you to do that. And so that's, so $100 per day, four hours of talk time every day. There's other things that happen, but actual time on the phone that we want them to have about four hours a day and eight hours a day, 40 hours per week. And you're going to want to set up the times that your sales team are working according to whatever it is that you're, to whatever group of people that you're promoting to or working with. If I have a, let's say a doctor or an attorney and I'm focusing all my efforts on professional people, well professionals aren't going to want to take calls at seven o'clock at night. They run their own businesses, they're looking to be able to talk with somebody at certain times and you call them during the day and so you're working nine to five. If I'm working with people in the bizop space, most of those people are working jobs for somebody else and then taking a call to build and change and improve their lives at three o'clock in the afternoon. Just isn't something that's going to work for them. And so when we're doing a lot of stuff in the bizop space, we'd have people come in from nine o'clock in the morning till noon. A lot of really good things can happen in the morning, in the bizop space, in any space. But the other thing that happened as well is that they'd come back, we'd take a three hour lunch and a lot of the guys that go and play golf, I've got a wife and three kids and so I'd go home and spend time with my family and that we'd come back at three o'clock and would work from three to eight o'clock at night. Three o'clock where I'm at on mountain time is five o'clock east coast time and so we'd want to make sure that we hit people at the times when they're going to be home. We'd work until eight o'clock because West Coast was seven o'clock California time, give everybody enough time to get home and you'd adjust your leads accordingly. Luke says, I recently interviewed a rep in the call center of a super famous guru and you are light years ahead of what they were doing. Gosh, thanks Luke. That's nice. I think the same thing but it's always nice to have that positive affirmation. Thank you Luke. Any other questions anybody has as far as expectations on dials or the hiring process? I want to move on to a couple of other things and talk about those with you. Go ahead and ask those questions. Luke asks, when exactly do you fire someone, Miss Quota for a week? Not generally, off of one week. In the members area that if you'll go into, let's see, how to create a call center with Robbie into your resources and I believe it's in this in the employee manual that what we did and especially initially that we have a new hire probationary period and it's very, very easy to get people to, for them to hit the new hire probationary period. Basically what they need to do is they need to put $5,000 in sales each week for four weeks and the fifth and sixth week that they need to be putting up $7,500 each week in sales. That's who wants somebody coming in as a new hire. And the thing of it is too is that literally what that boils down to for somebody is Russell said right before we walked in, we just did a $15,000 sale with somebody that, so for a brand new setter who comes in who reads the script, doesn't deviate from it, that means that that person needs to do one $15,000 sale each week. Now all of a sudden that person's making a grand a week and they're able to build and grow from there. Do you ever see a difference in lead quality with a deposit? Yeah, sometimes but that also can, depending upon what products they purchased, you know, the more that as they work through your funnel, if I've got somebody who is doing just a free plus shipping lead or is just an opt-in lead, the quality of lead behind that as opposed to somebody who's paid $97 for a product is different. There's also people who will initially put a deposit down to even be able to speak with the closer. And that's something that it's good to do but it also has to be set up in the right space in order to do that. Let's see, can you speak for a second how you would approach a lead if it was just you and you didn't have a closer and setter yet, what angle would you take? The first angle, Richard, that I would take there and I don't want to sound like I'm beating a dead horse here, but the first angle that I would do is I would find somebody else to hire. Okay, and in the meantime though, you don't want to let your leads go to go cold. So is there a way to be able to, it's what we call intro close and basically what happens there. If you look at the setter script and the closer script, let's actually, here's a setter script. So what happens is I would go through my setter script and I would go through and I would go through and what I would do is I would continue to go through my setter script all the way until I get to the point that I'm talking about commitments. And the thing that I would make sure of, Richard, is I'm spending a ton of time up here in the introduction, you know, hey, I'm calling from Russell's office, want to find out what it is that you're looking to accomplish. And I'm going to spend a lot of time with them really digging into what they want to accomplish, what they want to do, where they want to take their business, how they want to build out their business. I'm going to spend, especially if I'm doing something, it's intro close, I would spend 15 to 20 minutes really talking with them about where they're at, the intro, and these questions, what's holding them back from building a business, why haven't they done it, where are they lacking, what do they need help with, are they looking to pay off debt, are they looking to replace an income, I'm going to spend a ton of time with them there. And what that does is that creates enough emotion. Tony Robbins always says, identify the hurt, magnify the pain. I really want to spend that time with them, really helping them to understand what it is that they want to accomplish. And then I want to tie that into them working with the guru, them working with the expert, specifically for you, Richard, that all of a sudden now, that I'm able to take this and I'm able to say, so working with Richard, how would that make a difference for you? And instead of me being the one that explains why Russell Brunson or Richard or John is so great, that they take the time to tell me why Russell is so incredible, why working with Russell would make a difference, how that would benefit them on every level. And then the next thing that you have to do is you have to tie that back into, and if you look, ask find out questions to get them to say an expert is the next best thing to sliced bread. If you don't have that, and so often that I'll have people that not all the time, but every once in a while have somebody say, gosh, I don't know how working with Russell would make a difference. And you can do a quick follow up question, gosh, if you would work with somebody who's made millions of dollars online and they could teach you and train you, how would that make a difference? And if I don't at that point get somebody to say working with that expert is the next best thing to slice bread, I'm not going to spend time with them because the entire thing in a high ticket sale, whether it's, you know, whatever kind of consulting coaching, whether it's an event that you're putting on, whatever it is, the people are buying you, they're buying the guru, they're buying Russell Brunson, that's what they're buying. And so if I step out outside of anything like that, all of a sudden people think that, well, gosh, if I can give them all this information, and they just start spewing out information, and all that the potential client hears on the other end of the line is that you guys remember peanuts and that's all they're hearing, it is just, it doesn't mean anything at all to them. They've got to say that working with that expert is the next best thing to slice bread. And so, so Richard, I'm going to spend a lot of time right there. And then what then what I'm going to do at that point is once I get to the commitments, okay, and I've built that rapport, I've built that relationship with them, that the next thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to jump into the closed script. And, and you've got to you've got to adjust it a little bit because obviously you're not going to tell them, hey, I'm not the expert in building an online business, I'm not an expert in real estate transactions or the stock market or whatever, whatever your particular niche is. And, and then, then I'm going to say right here, if right, right where it says did, let me, let me tell you a little bit about what I do for for Mr. Brunson. And, and then I jump through and I go through the commitments at this point, okay, I'll go through time, decision making, resources, money, and, and, and at that point, and last of all, I go through the knowledge, you take some time and you explain to them exactly what's included within your particular high ticket sale. And, and then at that point, they're, they're ready to be closed. Let's see, Richard, did that, did that explain how, how you go through that and how, how we'd work on that? Just, just you've got to, you've got to kind of piece it together just a little bit. But it's something that you can definitely do. I've done that a number of times when, you know, I'm the last one at work or the first one in the morning. And it's something you've got to piecemeal it together just a little bit, but, but it's possible. Again, the very best thing for retention of your clients, for synergy in the office, all those types of things is to do a two-part close. If you don't have the ability to do that, get somebody else, you can do a two-part set and close with and just as soon as possible. Lucy asked, what, what do we pay our, our salespeople and commission? In, in some states, and you guys are going to have to, you know, it varies state by state. In some places, you have to pay, you know, a minimum wage or commission, whichever is higher. If you have somebody that you're paying minimum wage to two, three weeks in a row, they need to go. They're not, they're not committed, they're not devoted, or they need to take some time off till they can get their, get their head cleared. We've not earned millions yet though, Esperanza. You know, maybe you haven't necessarily earned millions, but, but at the same token that the, the things that, that people are doing, the potential that people have, the processes that, that we're going through, that people have been successful, and you being the guru, that, that you've been successful within your niche, and, and you can talk about that. And, and obviously the more successful you become, success breeds success, and you can continue to do that. Let, let's move on to, to just a couple of, a couple more things. I, Luke, at one more thing, is the two-part closed difficult to do if everyone is working remotely before we get an office? Luke, not necessarily. I mean, with, with technology today, you can Skype, you can get, you know, if you read through the set script, that there's a part and a place in the set script where, where you put the client on hold, because, because I need to get in, in contact with the program director, and I need to talk with them and see what their schedule looks like. And so, so even if you are working remotely, that, that's not a big deal. You can Skype them, you set the phone down, you call them, you text them, whatever works. And, and, and the other thing too, that, that it's not necessarily a bad thing to have somebody have to wait a little bit of time. Now, I, I wouldn't go over 24 hours if, if possible, but, you know, we think that we've got this, this hot, this hot lead, and if I don't get them right over the closure right now, it's something that some newbie sales people have, have talked with me about, I've got to get them over, I've got to get them over the closure, it's got to be closed right now. If, if they're that concerned about the quality of their set, it's probably not a really good set. And so saying, hey, you know what, hey, Mr. Summers, he's, he's in a meeting right now. He's not available to give you a call back for an hour. And then you finish up the set script. And, and, and then at that point, as you finish up the set script, you know, you give them some assignments, some things to do. And, and, and you can also say, hey, go over to Russell's website, or, or here's, here's a couple of testimonials, I'm going to email you in the meantime, give them a little bit of stuff to do in, in that timeframe. So they're working on it, they're thinking about it. And, and then at that point, it becomes easy to do it, to have them work remotely as quickly as you can, though, Luke, get them in an office, get that synergy. Merchant accounts that something pretty, what we use, we, we use a company called Stripe. It's, it's a great company that the merchant fees are really, really low. S-T-R-I-P-E. You know, that's something that you guys can take a look at. It's, it's a good, a great place to be able to do that. They have low to no reserves. And the other one, Russell, was it PowerPay? Is that correct? The other, the other one is PowerPay as far as, as far as a merchant account. The next thing that I kind of want to cover with you is, is really just what it is that you need to get started. And it's so simple with what, what you guys have to get started doing these sales. It really literally boils down to having, having a salesperson, having a phone, having some leads, and, and that script. That, that once you have those things that, that it's very, very easy to start working through that process, it doesn't take a lot. That there, there's a few different things that you guys can use. We do a lot of international calling. And so, so we'll use Vonage. And the whole reason behind that is we can do unlimited calls to 60 different countries. And it, you know, it runs us 30 bucks a month. If you're doing entirely international or domestic calls, I would suggest using Google Voice. It's, it's free. You can get an app on your iPhone. If you're doing domestic calls, that there's, there's no charge whatsoever. Set it up for your sales guys with, with their own account, with, you know, with their email. They, they, they log into it and they're, they're literally, they're ready to go with a, with a $30 headset that you can plug in and use that. Personally, I, I like to use a cordless headset that there's, I use a Plantronics headset just because I like to move around and I like to, to move my arms and, and be walking around as, as I'm talking to people. Something in just, just a little bit, a little bit of a tip. Plantronics sells the, the headset, it's a, it's a Savvy 720 is, is what I use. But Plantronics sells it for $450 on their website. If you go to headsets direct, they, they sell it for $281. So, you know, right, right there, there's, there's $170 of, of savings for you if you, if you go back and if you, if you need that. So that, that's headsets direct. What, what, what countries do you recommend testing when targeting prospects? And that I would target countries specifically for me that are majority, obviously English speaking. So, so we'll target Australia, New Zealand, the UK, you know, you get into some other countries and that, that what'll happen a lot at the times. I was talking with somebody from India and the great, great guy, you know, wanted to build and grow a business. His monthly income was $118 a month. Well, doing a high ticket sale with him, it's just, just not something that's going to be possible. You know, and so, so just, just when you look at, you know, your exchange rates and things like that. South, South Africa, we've had success there. Most of Europe, we've had some, some success, but we generally target US, Canada, UK, Australia, New Zealand, and that's really where we target on an international basis. Mike, the headset that we use, that I use, it's a, it's a Plantronic Savvy SAVI 720. It's, it's a good little headset. And, and like I said, it'll, if you go to headsets direct, it'll, it'll save you, you know, 170 bucks. I, I had to get an affiliate commission for that. They, they're, they, I had to set something up there. Anyhow, side note. Any other questions about setting up your, setting your call center up, the things that you need, it, you don't need a lot. This is simple and with the tools, the things that you guys already have within this product, that it's, it's pretty quick, pretty simple to be able to do it. The next thing, as far as, as far as leads and how, how we, how we work through the leads, we use a CRM, it's called WUFU, that's W-U-F-O-O. It's really inexpensive, you know, some people will use Infusionsoft and gosh, it's, it's great, but it's so robust that particularly for the call center and, and what we do, it's not something that we need. You can put notes in, you can keep track of things, that it's very, very easy to use and that's something you can have all your leads driven to directly from your funnel and if, if you've got questions about that, I'm sure that's something that Russell can talk with you guys about specifically. The next thing is, is, is posturing psychology and kind of the process that, that we work through. One of the things that, and the reason that I'm so adamant about you guys being off the phone, it is when you get on the phone and you're the expert, you're the guru, that you being on the phone and being the person that's trying to be the salesperson at the same time, it totally completely eliminates your posture and so, as quickly as possible, get to the point where you can find those salespeople and, and that if you posture it correctly that, that I've got my setter, I'm going through the process with, with the setter, that I have the ability to, to build up the closer and, and to talk about, you know, gosh, this is, this is what the closer does. This is why the closer is amazing. This is what, you know, he works directly here with Russell and, and this is, these are the things that, that, that he's going to be able to help you out with and explain to you and walk you through this process that, that, that all of a sudden that, that if I build that second caller up in the sales process, that, that as, as the prospect goes from, from the setter to the closer, that it becomes easier and easier for them to say yes, yes, yes, and it's that consistent yes that we always, we always want to have them saying and talking about and, and working with and, and as you get those yeses, you get more and more yeses all the time that it just simply, it, it gets easier and easier the point that when that big yes at the, at the end comes, when, when I say, so the investment, it's, you know, $9,995. Did you want to put that on your visa or your master card? That they, they say the visa, great, that, that should start with a four, go ahead and read up four digits at a time and, and I'll read them back to you. It becomes very easy for them to say that yes again because they, they feel like they're moving through a process and people want that help. That it's something that they want to be plugged into. They want your help. There's so many people out there that, that are great people that want to know and they want to understand how to, how to build and grow their businesses and, and this, this just gives them the opportunity to do that because now they have the ability to work with you. The, the last thing that, that I have on my list that I, I really want to stress and talk about with you guys today is the compliance. Now Russell told me I had to do a disclaimer. I'm not an attorney. I don't care much for attorneys and want to spend as little time with attorneys as possible. So this is not legal advice. Was that a good enough disclaimer, Russell? Perfect. He said perfect disclaimer. The, the, the, but, but with the compliance, the, the whole purpose of this is to protect you. You, you detail out exactly what the people are doing, the fulfillment that you're going to give them, how you're going to help them and, and they, they sign that, they send it back to you. You have a written contract as well as a verbal compliance and, and if you'll look back in the membership area, if we go to lectures and it's the compliance script, this is only about a five minute video and it'll explain to you a little bit about the compliance script and, and exactly, exactly what it is. It's short. You record it. We've got a little digital recorder you can use. There's tons of apps that you can use. It's, it's a simple thing to do. Either the salesperson, the closer can, can go ahead and read through the script or, or you can as well or, or a secretary or an assistant that, that there's, there's a lot of options there for you. But the whole reason that you want to do that is, is you want to protect yourself. You want to protect your time. You want to protect your salespeople's time. You want to protect their income. And so, so take, take the time to make sure that the people that are being, you also, you also want to be sure that your salespeople aren't misrepresenting you. You want to make sure that your salespeople aren't overselling you, that they're not over-promising what, what, what the fulfillment is actually going to be. Because the, and the, the very best salespeople are, are the ones who under-promise and the fulfillment over-delivers. And that, that's something that's just going to protect you. It's going to protect your business. It's going to protect your, your good name. It's going to do all those things together. And so, so you're, you're not going to be listening to every sales call, especially if people are doing things remotely, that you want to make sure that they go through a compliance, that you want to make sure that everybody understands exactly what it is that they're going to be getting and that you have their permission to run the credit card, that they're, they're good to go. Now, that, that's, as far as the things that I want to talk about today, there, there's some, some good overview. The thing that I would, would stress to everybody that one of the things here on, in the members area is lecture number two. And it's your consult call with me. If you haven't filled that out, take a minute, shoot me an email. Let's sit down, you know, for 30 minutes and let's talk about your business and specific questions that you have. And what, what that does is that, you know, we can sit down and talk about the specifics within your business, the direction you want to go, and talk about how to, how to fully build out that, that, that back end. As friends, you said, relate the call to the board. I'm not, not sure what you're asking there if you'll, you'll shoot another question and just, just clarify for me a little bit. You're talking about the, the goals board. Is that, is that right? Okay. Let's go, if you'll go to how to create a call center and jump into resources and set up a mini call center. And you guys can zoom in on this slide, but, but this is a very, very simple sales board where we put everybody's name on there, the, the days of the week, the total volume, and, and over in the right hand side, you can see that they, they have the goals that, and it's, it's hard to see. But what we would do is we would set goals weekly and those would go on the board and then everybody would have in their desks, daily goals, their weekly goals every week, their monthly goals, an annual goal. And we, we'd also with a number of them that, that we strongly encourage vision boards and those types of things, because it really is just as much for, for your clients on the other end of the phone that they're talking to. It's giving them a place and an opportunity to build and grow their lives. But, but it's also giving your, your sales people an opportunity to, to go from, you know, having, having a job that was paying, you know, maybe 20 or 30 or $40,000 a year to giving them an opportunity to make 70, 80, 100, $200,000 a year. And that's, that, that if you keep that present with them and it's, you know, in the forefront of their minds, that it's a great thing to do if you're working remotely, put together a Google Doc, and very, very simple thing to do a digital board, something like that, and make sure that everybody's looking at it every day, that there's, there's a lot of different things that we can do there. Are there any other questions that anybody has? Okay. If you do have questions, go, go to the members area, fill out the form for the consult, consult call with me. And what we'll do is we'll, we'll sit down and we'll take that and take the time to talk about those and get those answered specifically to your business. Guys, I am, you know, really what you guys have here, it's 20 years of my experience in working on the back end portion of the sales funnel of helping people to build, to grow, to, you know, reach their dreams. Working with Russell is a great opportunity, a great experience. It has been for me. And so it's something that, that we have the ability to see those success stories come across. And that's, you know, that gosh, the paychecks are nice, but, but at the same time, it's all about the people that you're talking to and helping them to reach and exceed their goals. And if, if you and your salespeople will keep that in mind, that the possibilities, the skies, the limit for you guys, the things that we have here that are set up, that are in place, literally has the ability to change their lives as the ability to change your life. And it's something that, that we're working on every day is, is just, gosh, help, help them people to help themselves and to help out others. And so that's, that is the webinar for today. I'm going to, I'm going to shoot it back over to Russell and let him wrap it up. Awesome. Thank you, Robbie. I hope you guys got a ton out of that. And yeah, make sure you get your call, schedule with Robbie. That's one of the biggest benefits, I think, of the entire package. I told you guys before he came in, before he re-brought it back on the team, he came in and spent a couple hours with our guys and went from selling one package in a month to $36,000 next day. So it's worth it. It's one of the big bonuses you guys got for being part of this. So make sure you take advantage. And that's about it. Next week, we're going to be talking about the traffic part of this, how we get leads. And that's the last piece of the, of the puzzle, you guys, you've got, you've got the offer created, you've got the funnel created, now you got to sell stuff. Next week, we'll talk about traffic and driving inconsistent leads for it. And that's about it. So thanks everybody. And we'll talk to you all again next week. Thanks, guys.