Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and I'm welcome you guys all to module number four and today It's exciting day for for me and for a lot of you guys because we're gonna be talking about The fuel the fuel that makes this whole thing move forward and what's exciting If you guys number during the the initial training call that we did when we kind of launched this We talked about how you don't need a ton of traffic to make this whole thing work. Oops Hold on one of our other presenters in here really quick Okay, so we talked about how the fact that we don't have to have a ton of traffic to make this whole entire thing work We you literally can can can replicate kind of what we're doing with just a few hundred clicks a day and so What I'm gonna be showing you guys today is is kind of two things. I'm here with With my partner crime John Parks and he's gonna be he's a guy on our team that runs all of our Facebook ads we're gonna show him he's gonna show some of the stuff that he does to drive leads in for us and And then and then I'm gonna be showing some stuff that I do on my side But but know that on top of this any of the different traffic generation methods you're currently using will also work We're just showing you the ones that we spend the majority I'd say probably 98% of our traffic for our coaching stuff comes from these two sources and so it's where we want to focus on with you guys today, so it should be kind of fun and For those of you guys who have missed any of the past webinars up to this point They're all in the members area right now and also I want to just double triple quadruple remind you guys to set up your call with Robbie I think only so far three or four of you guys have actually taken us up on that Opportunity and just want to make sure you guys realize That's one of the most valuable things that you can get from this entire training program I mean if you don't have a salesperson yet or if you're you know, you're kind of stuck or whatever it is get on the call with him man this is what he's been doing for 15 years or more and He can get you through any of the sticking points and help you get everything set up And that's a gift we gave you all you guys as part of being part of the high-take of secrets program So very important now one thing I want to give a shout out a shout out to Mike And there's gonna be a curse word in this way. I apologize in advance, but it was too good to not show So if you guys can see the skype he sent me yesterday I said well just got my first FU from saying I'm not hearing a superstar lol. I said, haha That's awesome. What did you say after that? He said it will be hung up lol. He was pissed haha. I said, okay That dude I do the recursion That's gonna say that she's gonna curse out your customer on the phone. He weeded himself out. He said yeah exactly So anyway, I'm impressed that that you guys are actually going out there and doing this stuff I know sometimes it can be scary and a little different and can make you nervous the first couple times and you're kind of going through this But it's definitely It definitely works You just got to kind of weed through and find the right people and when you find the right person will write two or three people It's literally like a goldmine. I said right now We've got two or three people here in our office Most of the time one person pretty much full time and two people that are doing you know more part-time and You know, we're pulling in we're pulling in. I mean just awesome numbers. So it's really really exciting. All right, so What I'm gonna do All right, so Cool, okay, so I'm gonna jump right into this so There are basically there's two core ways that we drive traffic with For our high-ticket stuff and the first way is email Which is what I'm gonna be talking about in second-waste Facebook Which is what John's gonna be talking about and how he's doing is targeting stuff is really cool And it gets us through the right clients. It's actually really interesting We have an event coming here to Boise tomorrow And some of you guys are actually gonna be there which is which is exciting But if you look at when we kind of relaunch this whole coaching program, you know, we From from day one we said look when we do this we want to attract a certain type of person I don't want to be working with brand new beginners We want to be working with people who have existing businesses who are you know the the right type of person So that was kind of one of the things we put out there and I look now it's been Four or five months since then and we have 50 people coming Well, we've got excuse me We've got 12 people coming to a mastermind tomorrow and then we've got 50 people coming to the event the next day and Everyone who's come to the event paid anywhere from from $5,000 on the low end up to $25,000 And they flew all the way to Boise, Idaho, which is not like the I love Boise But it's hard to get to and it's hard to get a lot of people here as well And so so it's just pretty exciting when all of a sudden done to see that that this stuff We're talking about it works And if you if you do the if you drive traffic the way we're talking about you can really pick and choose who you want to work with You don't have to to work thing but you can you can just engineer exactly the type of person that you you want to work with in fact I'm working on my slides for it for my thing tomorrow But this is kind of a cool one I want to show you like when we were putting this whole thing together I said who who's my dream client and I went to Google images and I typed in my dream client said Julie she and I said You know, she's successful. She's driven. She has a message she wants to share She values her personal growth over just making money You know, she wants to grow herself and grow other people and she's already got a business making five figures a year That was like my dream client and I put that out there I went to Google images of typed in Julie successful Businesswoman and this is one of the images that popped up and I said boom that's Julie. That's what I want to be working with That's what I want coming to my events. That's what I want to be coaching on the phone That's she's my dream person. So that was my there and that was my my female avatar and my male was gonna Mike Again, I went to Google images have been Mike I typed in Mike former athlete business owner something like that and this is a picture that popped up I said, that's the guy that's who I want to be that's who I want to be working with and Again Mike some of his characteristics was he's a former athlete. He's changed someone's life in a small way But wants to share with more people again He values growth over money and he already has a business student at least five figures a year so I engineered who we wanted to be working with and It's gonna be fun as I go through the event tomorrow and the next basically four days of mastermind and 3D event The room is full of Mike and Julie's and so we kind of were able to pick who we wanted and reverse engineer that and find the perfect client and And for you guys, it should be the exact same way Don't go and start selling something just because you know you can sell it figure out who you really want to be spending time with because of your high ticket programs the likelihood is you're gonna spend a lot of time and energy and work with those people and And you want them to succeed and so Take the time to really craft and engineer exactly who you want to target And who you want to be working with when you know that and you've got a very clear picture in your mind You guys see how clear my pictures I I even have an image of them and So I see that person my head said boom. I need to find more Julie's I need to find more mics Where are these people out? It opens up my mind to an email like what lists are they on in Facebook? You know what what groups are they part of what are they reading? What are they interested in? What are they doing? And so I you know part of this exercise for you guys I really really really recommend is Is spending some time figuring out who exactly does you want your high ticket program and then work from there? And I promise you as if you do that it'll be it'll be way better Okay, so I'm gonna jump into to my three ways that I drive to the three ways I drive traffic through email and then we'll pass it to John to talk more about To talk more about more about Facebook. So with mine The email stuff is not super complicated, which is probably why I like it. I'm simple and I like the simple things So there's basically three ways the first way and this is the the most simple for any of you guys who already have a list is Using your own list, okay? Sending out emails to get people to come and apply for your for your high ticket program That's the easiest way in the world And so what we've done is a is my email my list a couple times a week about different things different opportunities Sometimes I just give them free stuff, but usually about twice a month or so I send out special types of emails and the emails have two goals One is to repel those people that I don't want to be working with and then one is to attract the right type of person I do want to be working with now if you've been on my list for a long time You've probably seen these emails go out every once in a while and a lot of times probably like that's a weird email Why would he even send that out and the reason why is because it keeps fuel coming into Into into our application funnel and so if you've got an existing email list a couple things first off You know you should build into your sequence somebody buys any of your products that maybe on days four ten or something like that You have some email Series in place to get that person from whatever they bought into working with you as a coach Okay, I can need help sequence like hey you need help You know we got this really cool program You can work directly with me to help you implement the stuff you're interested come apply here Okay, and having that in every sequence is very very important within long term just again once or twice a month We send out these emails and now in the future not because you guys are all my list in the future You'll see these and you're back. Oh, that's what Russell's doing and so I want to show you guys an email I sent out to our list About a month ago Yeah, about a month ago and so far from this email. We've generated Well over a hundred thousand dollars in sales I would say if I was to sit down and track back every single application I'd say probably probably closer to a hundred and twenty hundred thirty thousand dollars in sales from one email I sent out to my list that was just kind of fun. Okay, who here wants to see that email? If you doesn't want to see that, you know, you can wait through all the emails I've ever sent try to guess and just let me know if you do want to see it Let me know let me know over there in the question box. Yes, Russell. I want to see your magic your magic email. All right, cool Takes go to webinar seconds to show up sometimes Okay, so this is the email and I'm gonna read it to you guys because I think it was really fun So the subject line so he doesn't remember this it says true story He flushed 20 million dollars down the toilet today. If you remember that email So let me read it to you It says so yesterday we had a guy apply for my inner circle program I saw his app come through and I actually was really excited because he's in the golf market Now I'm no golfer But I've got a lot of friends who are in 20 million dollars plus in the golf market online I saw his product. I knew it was a home run So the coach who was gonna call him back asked me for my opinion on his business before she called him I said now for 10 minutes and in that 10 minutes I pulled up first his three major competitors Second I showed her every site that they were successfully buying traffic from third I showed her the top three converting ads for each of his competitors and fourth I showed her the sales phones that were converting and the main reason why his was not I then showed her two media buyers I would use if I was in the golf market both who can send over a thousand sales a day consistently and armed with this information She called the guy up. He was a little cocky and rightfully so he'd sold over a hundred thousand units of his product on TV Yeah, for some reason he couldn't figure out this pesky internet thing So started sharing with him some of my ideas and then he stopped her look. I've read 20 books on the internet marketing There's in the single thing that Russell could teach me that I don't already know So she tried to explain to him look you could read a million books on jujitsu That's not gonna help you in a street fight. I thought that was pretty funny But what happened next was just sad. He said well Russell's an away thing about golf and then he hung up now While he was right about me not knowing anything about golf. I know everything about selling golf stuff online I've been doing this over I've been doing this for over 10 years now I personally trained over 200 or over 2,500 companies in my office here in Boise in those 10 years I've worked a lot of golf guys and even one golf gal Now I've worked with people in just about every market. I can think of except for bowling I've never had someone teach bowling come to me Which makes me sad because bowling is my third favorite sport behind wrestling number one and jujitsu number two anyway for about for about everything I can think of I Wait for about everything else I can think of I helped map out a funnel show them what they were doing wrong Introduce them to my media buyers and show them what sites to buy ads on what they should be spending to acquire customers in their specific market I then usually intro them to the gurus I know in those area in those areas which after speaking on down Kennedy's stages for six years I got to know most of the gurus in most industries and it makes it easy to find connections for those people Those are things you can't learn from a book those are things you bring to the table for our inner circle people My goal for them is not to teach them more stuff. It's to make them more money Anyway, if you've got a golf product Let me know because I've got a killer $20 million your blueprint that this dude just flushed down the toilet because of his arrogance or His ignorance either way he lost out so you can just plug in and run with it Or if you sell well almost anything else, I'd love to help you out with that too Our next inner circle meeting is here in Boise in May if you like to come you've got to act fast You can apply here. Oh, and we only accept cool people if you like to flush money down the toilet, please don't apply Thanks Russell Brunson Okay, yes like that email You notice a couple things about it it it uh I Was trying to I was trying to do two things with it, right? One was I was trying to repel the people I don't want to work with okay I don't want to work with people that think they know everything okay, and I pretty pretty much spell that out Okay, I don't want to work with people. They're gonna be high maintenance I do want to work with people that could benefit from this kind of stuff, right? Benefit from mapping out a funnel. I'm sure what they're doing wrong Interest in the media buyers show much sites by ads on and how much they should be like those are the things like if somebody comes to me And those are the issues they have in their business man I can I can work magic with them right and so that's the kind of person that I'm that I'm attracting so I sent this email out What was interesting is the application that started coming in I recognized a lot of them a lot of them were gurus in the internet marketing space a lot of more gurus in different industries around around and And just it attracted the perfect person. I said we we sold four people from this email at $25,000 I think we sold two or three at $8,000 so that's a hundred and 120 to $130,000 made from this one email And I think it brought in about 50 or 60 applications And I know first my first sense out is like what if I get 100 or 300 applications? We're not gonna be able to handle it, but I think it does a good job of not Not attracting everyone right I never talked about getting rich quick I never talked about you know, it's the easiest thing in the world because that's not the kind of person I want to attract okay, my my customer avatars Mike and Julie. That's not what they're looking for Okay, what they're looking for is this they want to figure out how they can scale their business And that's the kind of person I wanted to attract with them. That's what this this did very very well Okay, so if you ever see me send our emails like that, they're kind of me just telling these little stories It's exactly what I'm doing. Okay, and so and so if you want to know We call this style of email. We call it our daily Seinfeld emails. Okay, I could do a whole a whole In fact, I'm doing a training this weekend on that whole concept But kind of where I learned it from is there's this guy. He's one of my friends now His name is Ben settle if you go to Ben settle calm This is probably the best example if you just click on the no thanks link We should subscribe again on this list, but if you're not just click no, thanks I'll take you over here to his blog and what Ben is good at is every single day since I've ever joined his list He's never failed ever send an email. What's interesting is that Ben only has one thing that he ever sells He sells a 97 dollar a month continuity program and that's it and every single day. He promotes that exact same thing and What's interesting is if you get on this list, you'll notice every day sends an email every day sends email And he just tells like these dumb little stories about something that happened that day And then he's like oh by the way and then ties it back into to his email players club Okay, so my guys listen at first like at first I was like this is cool And after about two or three weeks I got annoyed that every single time he was kind of pitching me for this thing I remember got a point where every morning I get up and read his email I got like just frustrated and angry. I was like oh and then one day I sat back and said wait a minute I said look look at what just happened here First off, I'm reading every single one of his emails second off Look at the emotional response these emails are causing me and third off. I said, you know what? I got I got to go buy and I went and bought this thing because of that Okay, and so for you guys I recommend what's cool about Ben is every time he writes an email He sends his list and he posted on his his blog here so you can literally read every email He's ever sent in the last like 10 years And so you can kind of see the style this is called this is what I call sign filled emails It's kind of like the show sign filled like the email is not about anything. It's just kind of like It's just it's it's an email about nothing that somehow ties back to your main thing And you'll be amazed at like when you're trying to sell people into like going to apply It's really hard because you're trying to You know, there's there's this as you've seen throughout the entire process right from the way we write our ads to the way that the Sales process works and shows you guys with the application page and the homework page then the two set phone script Like everything is is being built up to position and posture you as this guru who it's very hard to get to So if you're sending your email to us like hey come apply come apply and try to get people to apply all the time It just doesn't It doesn't it breaks the positioning We're trying to create with everything else in this funnel right but you do it this way Where you're just telling stories about cool stuff and like hey, this is what I do for under circle people Okay, whatever you call your program It comes off less desperate and more like man like very exclusive and and it makes you want to it makes you want to To ascend up to and be like what they're talking about. Okay, so again I would recommend reading Ben's joining his list and just reading all these emails He sends out and I promise you at first you think it's cool second. It'll annoy you and third you'll be like dang I gotta do this to my people as well. Okay, so I don't send out a daily email like this. I probably will in the future But right now I just send out like said about about every other week or so I send out emails That's as many leads as we need if we had you know, I We can't handle more leads and I don't want to grow past two or three people and so Because of that that's all we're doing if I want if I wanted to grow a team of five or six cells guys I'd probably send an email every day just like Ben does and just keep getting people from your own list converting over Consistently, okay, so that's kind of the the first strategy here is with your own list. Okay, so if you have a list It's it's it's very good Okay, so good question. So some said would your pitch kind of like so Ben said like let me find one I don't know if I can search my favorite one is this one beevison butt head Like this is the one that I read that got me that I they got me to I got a lot of beevison but here it is This is the one that got me silent for his his email players club finally So the subject line said here lies the guru fanboy. He never scored. I was like what so started reading I said in my teen years I watched a lot of beevison but head explains a lot, huh? And one of these ups one of my favorite episodes was the Christmas special where they did a parody of the Charles Dickens story about Scrooge said in this case Scrooge was an impressive restaurant manager Who was who was beevis who treated employees like crap amongst other things anyway? So the ghost shows him his fate and the ghost the future takes him to a graveyard And he shows beevis his grave and the headstone says here lies beevis here lies beevis. He never scored Ha ha anyway, what does that do with emails a lot because sadly the fate of many that's the fate of many internet marketers They're never gonna score no no I'm not I'm not talking sexually although that may be the case too I'm talking about scoring in the business sense. Okay, so you see I took this random Thing like like Seinfeld right like something you talk about at the coffee shop or like on your phone with your best buddy Like beevison butt head if he talks about this thing that mean has nothing to do with his core product email marketing and he's like He spins it into this is how ties back into my thing right and he shares this whole thing and he goes back on and at the end of it He pitches Emails players club. Okay, so for you guys what I would do So the question that somebody asked Was every email it goes out should I always be pitching our high-ticket product? And I would say the answer is probably kind of okay, so let me show you this is this is how I how we kind of run our business and And and kind of my belief patterns right now Typically we drive traffic to some kind of sales funnel, right? So sales from the upsells are down sells and we're we're trying to sell stuff right so here's our Here's our funnel We can make money through our sales funnel bar real goal of our sales funnel is to break even okay. We spent a dollar in ads There's a dollar we spend a dollar in ads when they leave this we want to make at least a dollar So we break even and now we've got this customer right and so for me I basically have two things that I'm them. I'm mainly selling at this point. I'm selling my high-ticket thing high-ticket and I'm selling my continuity thing okay Continuity I'm gonna spell thing out because a lot of people it's been funny In our in in the inner circle when people pay 25k they get a call with me each month And one of the biggest issues most people have they've got these sales funnels and they're trying to tie continuity in the front end Or the upsell or and that's like causing all sorts of like resistance and headaches and issues that are making it so that they put a dollar in They can't break out a dollar my big thing to keep teaching these guys like look Continuity is awesome, but you don't do that in your initial funnel Okay, initial funnel you want this thing is clean and as easy to collect money as possible because your only goal is to break even now They've broken even now. Yeah, you need to have a really good continuity offer to get somebody on But I'm not driving cold traffic to my continuity offer Okay, I'm driving my cold traffic to this funnel where I break even and then I'm taking all my people and I'm selling these two things Okay, so for us our inner circle is this and our continuity is click funnels, which is not live yet We're about a month away from launching that some of you guys have probably seen me talking about it And when click phones comes back out, I will be back to my daily email schedule What every day I will send a daily sign-vehile email and it'll be talking about one of these two things either a high-ticket program or About or click funnels. Okay, and a lot of people say well, how would you know? You know which one to send which day well the reality is I'm gonna look how many leads we have a little back here And if we got a lot of leads, I'm gonna talk about this if we're running short on leads for every reason I'm gonna talk about my high-ticket thing again. Okay, but I think for most of you guys like if you can look at your business from this lens It'll it'll change your focus all you need to make a lot of money online is you one good funnel that breaks even and Then you need one high-ticket product one continuity product and after you've acquired this customer I would just I would just round robbing these two things just focus on those Okay, and so that's that'd be my my suggestion for you guys Especially for me is we've been rebuilding our business multiple times over the last couple years and where I'm at now after doing this for over a decade This is our our focus in all of our niches and I think that for you guys it should be as well So that's just kind of on the side Stuff that doesn't really tie in what we're talking about or maybe it'll help it'll help some of you guys All right So again number one was your own email list and number two now is joint ventures and affiliates Okay, and so a couple things about this Okay, now if you don't have your own list if you have an enlist and you want to partner There's a couple ways to do this from the joint venture side That that work okay, there's actually three ways. I'm gonna map these out for you because if you do it wrong it won't work Okay, so there's three ways. Okay way number one is you have your your two-step application thing over here, right? We talked about on week number two So here they come out they apply and then here's that their their homework, okay? now What I have never done but If you guys know Matt Lloyd Matt Lloyd has made this model work and he's killing it They're doing over a million dollars a month right now doing this So what he did is he took his high ticket product back here and he basically pays affiliates So an affiliate drives somebody to this application They felt the application and his sales guy gets on the phone and sells them a high ticket product the affiliate Okay, so here's the dude back here who drove the traffic Gets paid a cut boom it jumps back to him He's paid anywhere from one thousand bucks up to I don't know three or five or ten grand something like that That's his whole pitch is like buy my high ticket thing and you can promote that and you can do it Okay, and so for a lot of you guys if you've got partners in this industry who who have email lists They don't have a high ticket product go to those guys and just like hey, this is the deal You've got a list you've got traffic You don't have a high ticket product right now all you got to do is drive track my application form If we call them some I'll give you a kickback kickback I'll give you back 20% or 30% whatever that might be okay typically in this kind of relationship the Person who's generating the lead for you is going to get about 25% of the cell Okay, if you go above that it's gonna make it really hard to make your metrics work when you're paying your sales guy your fulfillment costs all those type of things But about 25% or a lower is usually about the margins Okay, if you look at like a typical call center the way it works whoever provided the lead Usually gets 25% Okay, usually for sales Usually there's allocated about 25% okay if you look at if you look at the videos that Robbie showed you He talked about commission structure and there's a sliding scale it starts at 12% goes up to 20 But usually you've got overrides and things like that and so usually allocate about 25% to sales fulfillment is usually on the low side 10% on the high side 20% Okay, and then you've got all your other costs like Merchaning you've got your phone line everything else is gonna cost usually another a little five to ten percent There right and so your profit ends up coming down you have 50 60 70 80 She lifted with you know 20 to 30% profit at the end of the day And that's about the margins you want to make sure you're having so if you're generating the lead Okay, if you're generally you can assume you can allocate about 25% of your your money To traffic to solo ads to Facebook to whatever it is and you if you do that you're gonna make your 20 30% profit Which is which is kind of the sweet spot Okay, if you have a partner drive the lead you can give that to them because you're now not spaying paying the ad cost the All the risk is not there there's getting a cut of it But again if you drop if you see if you crease that now to 30% Also, you drop your margin down to 10% or you know 20% suddenly it just it doesn't make sense for you to do it Okay, does that make sense you guys? Hopefully that hopefully that that helps Okay, so there there's way number one okay way number two It's way number two which is the way a lot of guys do as well is you create and we talked about this I believe in week two you create like a really good friend and product like a free plus shipping something right so for us We have our DCS labs oops DCS labs book And so we do is we pay affiliates to sell this book and after buy the book then we drive The buyers into the two-step application Okay So I might paint a feel like right now we're paying affiliates $20 for every free book They give away because I know from that I should be able to close enough to cover my $20 cost Okay, we figure $20 and after our metrics from our own traffic. We figured out about 25% cost They're based on numbers and how many will take the app how many people apply and people buy this If we get $20 per book then we're about 25% of our of our profit That's second way you need to fill each to promote your free your free front it offers Okay, and then the third way and this is the way I don't recommend But this is for those of you guys who are gonna go big with this. This is what I did initially So we first set up our call center. We had our little call center here And we had me who was driving leads into it and Then I had a lot of partners I had guys like Mike Phil same who drove leads in and we had Frank Kern And we had Onyx and Gall We had Brad Callen Bunch of dudes we were doing back in phone cells for and so instead of them just just promoting an application Where we then call and sell them we actually would white label our mini call center It wasn't a mini call center at the time it became a big call center, unfortunately But we white labeled this so we would call on behalf of Mike Philson say hey you call Mike Philson's office Mike wanted us to offer your coaching blah blah blah blah blah and we would sell it and we would get Mike 25% For the leads he would just give us all his leads and we would call him We would sell a Mike Philson version and we'd sell Frank Kern version and then we would just white label our program And that's kind of we did at that point. Okay, so again, that's that's more if you really go to go crazy with this I don't recommend this. I recommend step one step two if you're gonna use affiliates, okay? All right, so that is number two joint ventures and affiliates and then the third way we use email is Very simple as buying solo ads now one thing I recommend for you guys when you're doing this come back to we talked about here to To your customer avatar. Okay, again Julie and Mike for us and if any of you guys know this Julie this Mike That would be really funny. I literally pulled them off of Google images. I have no idea who they are other than that But I look at Julian. It's okay. This is Julie. She's successful. She's driven. She's got a message where in the world is a Like where is where what email list is she on? What is she reading? What she subscribed to? Okay, now for some of you guys if you're selling like business opportunity things There's a million bizop solo out list you can rent. Okay, it's very easy to get that kind of traffic But for me Julie's not on us an internet marketing solo ad bizop list. Okay, but she might be on Like the blaze comm. Okay, I can rent that list. She may be reading You know, she may be reading health newsletters, maybe she's reading more business startup things Maybe she's on Forbes or things like that like what are the sites that the list that Mike and Julie my dream clients are gonna be reading? Let's go to those sites and this buy ads from them. Okay, and so when you do that There's a couple different ways you can do it One is you just go directly to the site and try to buy the ad Okay, and the other one is is working through a list broker. So I'm gonna show you guys a couple list brokers we work with one is Dagan Smith his site is let me pull this down for the recording so you can see it His site is the home business agency calm. It's not a referral link. That's just a direct link So Dagan is really really good if you have like a home-based business type person. Okay I used to spend 20 or 30 grand a month with Dagan until we change our customer avatar again For while my customer avatar was people who want to start businesses and so Dagan's people were awesome We got tons of them. Okay, but I changed my business where I didn't we weren't targeting People who were getting started anymore. Okay, but if you're looking for home business type leads man Dagan can give you 20,000 clicks a day, which is enough to fuel a call center of You know a call center of You know 30 40 people so there's that Dedicated emails is another one we use this is run by a guy named Brian Lippman now Brian has a lot of bizop lists as well He also has some personal development lists, which is which have been good was interesting we found with with with with Brian is he's that had access to a lot of like What's it called like survival lists for whatever reason right now you guys whole survival market niche thing is like on fire like it's It's like growing. It's kind of like if you remember Like three years ago Mike Diller came out with the elevation group and he came out right when Like all of that end of the world stuff was really really hot and people looking to find it You know financial stuff and gold and silver and that whole market and he in one year you did $20 million like just perfect timing Just blew it up And now that market is kind of not dried up, but it's definitely cooled off a lot You look at like what's the hot market right now? And it's a survival market like people are going crazy the lists are growing like some of the lists we've been ready You're growing at five five thousand people a day and more and more so we'll buy it We're at the list we're ending in 30 days later. It's like brand new people and those survival lists As long as you cater your message to them can be really really good You know a lot of times what I would do on the survivalist though I'd push it to like a friend and offer like this a lot of times if they're a survival person They may not know that they want to make money online But if you push them to like hey the world's coming to an end Here's a really cool way to make money before everything goes down they buy this product from there you push them to coaching You have a lot more success obviously, okay, but they've got some really good lists that are that are interesting Usually with with dedicated emails usually your your initial spend is going to be more With with Dagen stuff we bought lists You know we started spending a couple hundred bucks at a time whereas over here It's usually a couple thousand dollars at a time, okay? If you're in the financial space this broker we use the guy named Tony Creed I'm not sure I get a hold of him outside. We just contact him like LinkedIn and stuff Tony Creed runs a site called canvas or canvas media is his company and he for a lot of like the The the finance people stock market things like that He runs a lot of media so he even offer that that targets that I recommend getting hold of Tony He's really he's a great list broker for that kind of market And then the last thing is just going to Google and searching for lists like literally A lot of you know we have a neuropathy supplement. So when we were trying to find lists to run initially I just went to Google typed in neuropathy Email advertising If I could spell it right and a bunch of things popped up here and really really quick within like five minutes I found ten lists I could rent people that big huge neuropathy email list I just came in drop the email advertising came down here boom. Here's the list right here. Let's see if I can find it this one So it might be a little harder to find let me come back Um Okay, and we're off the email email news Course I'm doing this live. I'm not gonna be able to find one really quick This one might be Wow We try one more page anyway when I did this other day when I do this initially We found like ten lists just by kind of going through here and finding lists email advertising email list rental You guys also type in I could type in like nerve or diabetes And It kind of started digging deeper anyway I'm not gonna slide on this for you guys much longer because it's kind of boring But if you go to Google and type in your market, so let's say it's health related so health Health email list booming to save me and there's lists out there. You just got kind of look for them a little bit But we've been able to find solo ad lists in pretty much every market. We've tried them so far They're not as easy like you know the big marks like like make money from home personal development finance There's really good list brokers who who specialize in different markets. Okay again Dagan's list broker Brian's list broker Tony's list broker and some of these other markets There's not list brokers that specialize in that but that does not mean there's not lists out there Their lists are always there you just got to look for them a little bit And you can find some amazing advertising options really really quick and easy from there All right Couple questions coming through here our solo ads an email list to local business owners viable a company Some fresh approximate system. Yeah, so definitely so the question is like if I can't find a solo list online Like can I go to local businesses or whatever? Yeah, so I've got a friend who is in the who's a personal trainer and one thing that I've been working with him on is is Who else locally here has your your customers on it? And so he's going through to like tanning salons He's going through to like some of the the healthy like the gluten-free shops things like that He's working with those guys to to get them to first off start collecting customers emails and so he can do cross like swaps and Cross prom was rent their list from them stuff like that and so far She had really good success with that. So it's just it's just targeting Targeting people who are interested in something specific and finding a list an email list that they're on okay? And that's kind of I mean, it's that's kind of the way it works And it's it's pretty simple So yeah, so that's kind of it guys with the email stuff and I said it's it's really simple to very for it If you haven't done this before the very first time you're getting nervous You're gonna be like, oh, should I you know what should I be doing? And it can be nervous and scary the first time but it's really easy like you literally you thought it's formed for home business network You felt the form that's some spots you can just buy a list you buy traffic really quick or you can contact them They take emails you can contact them get hold of Brian one of his employees tell them what you're looking for You know same kind of thing you like just tell me why this is my product It's my offer you think this would work to your to any of the lists you have and they'll I mean They want you to keep buying so they look out for you to help you find a good list to help you negotiate terms all that kind of stuff And so it's really pretty simple and easy you just got to go out there and just test it out and try it the first time all right, so what I want to do now because email is just half of it and And what I think is even a better option today than ever is the other half of that which is Facebook You know Facebook is really given us the ability to have consistency in our in our leads coming in okay? Email is usually you get a big surge of people boom really quick right Where where Facebook gives you the chance to set up an ad and run it and consistently you're gonna get traffic coming over You know day a week month a year type thing and so I'm gonna pass it over so there's a little echo come on I think John might have John might have unmuted himself Cool so John I want to welcome you and I got a mute so I won't I would spend a little longer introducing But I'll probably mute myself But John runs all the Facebook stuff here on our team and so I'm gonna pass the screen over to him and kind of show you How he's driving ads into our application forms He has to have a really good at how he's doing it and you can model it for for your stuff So John, thank you so much for being on the webinar and let me pass over the screen to you Yep, we can see you You Know lower lower front end price where they can then get into a funnel and end up at an application So I'll show you those two different types of ads. I'm going to show you how to do it two different ways. I'm going to show you a bunch of different choices you've got for audiences. Give you some notes and some tips and stuff. So this will be good. So just to get started, just kind of the how to. I don't know how many of you are involved in Facebook advertising yet. I was nervous to get started at first. That first dollar spend and add on a new platform is always a little nervous because you don't want to just run away from you and not get any results from it. But let me tell you that Facebook advertising is very doable. And after you watch me click through, I may even go as far as creating an ad right in front of you here just depends on how our time goes. And but I'll get pretty far through one if I don't actually submit it to create it. But you'll see that it's really quite simple. There's nothing scary about it. And it's just a matter of testing this and that. And you can even test at really low price points, like $15, $20 for an ad. And by then you'll know that it's working or not. And you can cancel it and do another one. Or ramp it up and spend more if it's working for you. So nothing scary about it. My first point of advice is just don't get scared. Just jump right in and try it. So one way to create an ad is by having a fan page. So if you have a fan page like this is Russell's, you can actually just create a post. Just create a new post. Type it up to post a photo, post a link, whatever you want. And then you can just actually drive ad strictly to that post. So for example, here's the application page, the intro to the application funnel that Russell's created. So I'm just going to use this as an example. You may or may not have realized that if you post something in Facebook like that, a link, then it'll actually pull up this summary of it. Now maybe you don't like this image or any of the images options that it gives you because it's just trying to scrape it off of your website. What's cool is you can actually then delete this link again and start typing. OK. Right? So you can type whatever you want and this stays here, right? And then you can add to this and things like that. But this whole clickable area and everything like that stays here. And you can actually upload an image from your computer. So you can upload any image that you want. So you find a cool image on your computer, upload it. and it actually replaces this right here. So you can link to any website, your website, with any image you want directly in a fan page. So that's awesome. I'll show you an example of that down here. So I just wrote a little headline. And this links directly to our .com secrets lab page. But this image is not anywhere on there. I just replaced what default image came up with this image right here. So now we have a fun bright red bordered image with a tag all over and stuff like that. So it's really bright and ad friendly. So that's one way to create an ad is by creating a post on your fan page and making it exactly how you want it. So I thought that was cool. When we started doing that, we had some great success with a bunch of those. And the other way is actually to come over into your ads manager. Ad managers look like this. Or if it's the very first time you're creating an ad, it probably looks like this. And you can just click here to create an ad. So you click there and it takes you to a place to create an ad. Now we're going to get into creating an ad here soon. But I'm trying to think the best way. So yeah, let's just do it. Let's just start creating an ad because then I can talk about images and the tips I have for you there and options like that. So let's go in here. Pull up an ad and we'll just create one similar to what I have running, right? So here's an ad that we have running. This one goes directly to our proven split test book. So this is to our front end offer. So we're going to go ahead and create a similar ad to this one. Just because it helps me pre-populate some things so you don't have to watch how boring it is for me to type everything in. So I'm going to change it to a little bit different of a sub affiliate ID just for my own tracking so I can remember which ad is performing well, which one isn't. So this is creating an ad directly in the ad manager instead of creating it on your fan page. So we're starting from scratch here. Instead of having the post created on the fan page and then us just advertising that post, we're going to create an ad right in Facebook. So first thing we need, so we have a website here, right? I wanted to go to this.comsecretslabs.com slash and then my tracking information. That's the first thing we want. And then the next thing we need is an image. Now let's talk about images in Facebook. Images are huge when it comes to the ads. Images are what fuel your ads if we just pull up so we can just get some Facebook here. Your ads are on the side. These images right here are showing up and then ads. This is an ad that's running right in the body of the news feed. So I have a couple rules of thumb when it comes to the images. If it's in the news feed, you can be more complicated. You can be more detailed, more artsy, and things like that when it's in the news feed. Here's a face of Russell in the middle of presenting something with some blue in the background, stuff like that. So this is it for the news feed. This might not be the best ad for the right-hand side because there's busyness going on. And Russell's blending into the couch and stuff like that. On the right-hand side, the images that you want are ones that capture the corner of your eye. I mean, you almost have to do the peripheral vision test. Where you intentionally just let the sidebar sit in your peripheral vision and decide whether or not that image is going to capture my attention so much that my eyes are going to switch from being right here in the news feed where all the action is happening and I actually care to go look in that ad way over here. So you're looking for bright colors. You're looking for clarity. You're looking for a single image, something that's really not complicated. I don't think that's a good image over there. I don't know what Staples is doing. This one's good. That one's bold. Even if people can recognize your logo enough, you could do a logo thing. If not, then do something else that captures. I don't think that's a very good image right there. If you're into gold and silver, and that's your target audience, I'd recognize that right away. So I think that's a pretty good image. So that's kind of my insight on the images there. So here we are creating an ad. Now what's cool with Facebook images is the recommended size is 600 by 315, but you don't have to match that size. If you upload that size, then the news feed image will be a full-size display. If not, it'll actually shrink it. Now everyone always says, the convention is to say, go with the recommended size so you have a full-blade image right there. Just a full-blade image right in the middle of a Facebook, like this one right here. That's an ad with a full image. But I decided to challenge that conventional thinking and think outside of the box. Because sometimes I intentionally, I don't know why, but I found myself gravitating. I'm trying to find an example. Gravitating towards a smaller image link. And there's not one here, but we can make one. So for example, if we use an image from our library that's smaller, let's see if we have a smaller one. That one's probably smaller. Nope, it's not. You know, I had one from, I'll show you a smaller one later. But if you use an image that is full-bladed, then it's full-bladed. If you use a smaller one, it actually shrinks it and you get this little tiny block of an image, or a smaller, like 100 by 100 image, and then you get your text right next. So I know I can show you one right. I know where one is. Right over here. Sorry for jumping around like this. But I come in my admin manager. And if I run an ad to, to our inner circle page, it should pull up a smaller image for you. I just want you to see the difference between the smaller images and the larger images. So you can tell the difference. Oh man, last time I pulled up this, 20 round picture. All right, don't worry about it. But just know that sometimes the smaller ones work better than the big ones. I ran a split test on both of them and the results were right here. The smaller image that I ran, so against conventional wisdom, actually got website clicks at about half the price is larger image. Better click to the rates and things like that. What it does is it creates a little image, puts a border around it, puts the website information right next to it, kind of in a dark, in a darker shaded, in a box and things like that. And it's just, I don't know, it just worked for that ad. So don't think that you have to follow this, this size right here. Let's go on and continue creating an ad for you. So you can use whatever image that Facebook pulls up for you. You can upload images directly from your computer. You can browse any images that you currently have or the other cool thing that Facebook just added is that you can actually use their stock photos that they have powered by Shutterstock. So let me show you some examples of good ad images and bad ad images. If I just search for a bright color, let's say red. What we're giving away is a free book, right? Free place shipping book. So what's something really bright that represents maybe a free giveaway, something like that. That might be a cool image. So I can actually run an ad with an image like this. It'll give me a preview of what it looks like. So if you saw this in your newsfeed, is that bright enough to capture your attention? What a gift of what? Oh, Russell's giving you a free book. Oh, that's cool, right? So does it capture your attention? So that's one thing you wanna look for. And I'm just taking you through my thought process here as I run ads. So you can kind of see over the shoulder and see how I would select an ad. So maybe I want something more like a book or brochure because we're giving away a free book. So these ones load up here. So maybe my message is gonna be, hey, we got the book, it's hot off the press. I wanna give you a free copy, right? Russell's video talks about that. So here I'm thinking about putting an image about a press, so it makes sense. Why is there this press and what's being created? Oh, Russell's new book. Russell's new book right now, so. Right? So you might have to modify your text to make sure you fit the length of the headline available. So no book, hot from the press. Oh, what book is it? And so then you can tell in the text right here. So 108, click test, winners, free just to cover shipping. Yours now, if you click here, you know, whatever your copy is, right? So you get your headline there and you get this right here. You can even edit all this text too. And you can edit all the text that goes right in here too. You can have a call to action button on it, things like that. So you get this beautiful ad that you create. Now what I would suggest is to create a split test, start by split testing four images. So choose four images that you think are gonna work well. Choose, you know, run with those and find the winner. Maybe put $20 on each ad, let it run for a couple days and find the winner. Find which one is giving you the results you want, the clicks to your websites, the least expensively. You know, cause that's kind of what you're going for. So do that. Once you have your winning image, then go and switch your headline out. Use that winning image to switch your headline out four times. Run those ads and then you're gonna find that one headline is pulling better than another. And then go with that. So once you split tested your image, split tested your copy, then come and split test your audiences. Okay, I'll show you what we're using for audiences. So you can see, there are a bunch of different things you can do with audiences. And this is huge. In Facebook, I think the images are the first, you know, the first big pulling thing. But you have to make sure that they're hitting the right audience, right? So, let's see, are there any questions coming in really quick? Okay, I see some, okay, I do see some questions coming in. I'll get to those in a second. As we move forward with this, but look at this. So there's different kinds of audiences that we're running our ads to. I have my control here, which is the, you know, my image that's working the best, my copy that's working the best, my audience that's working the best. And then I'm just gonna try to beat that, right? So here I created the same ad, the same message with the different audience. And you can see it is coming in just a hair cheaper. So I'm barely winning with this audience and by one penny. So, you know, I had to keep running these side by side and see if one comes out to be, you know, better than the other. But I'm running a bunch of different, a bunch of different audiences here to all these different ads. And so the way audiences work, I'll pull up an ad here and edit it so you can see. So, audience is a really, really fun with Facebook. So you run your Facebook ad to this website with this image, right? You like everything at this point. And then the question is, what do you want to display it to? So I'll take all these off so it'll confuse you. So, I'll start from scratch here. So when you run a Facebook ad, Facebook is asking, what do you want your audiences to go? You can create an audience by location. So say you only want to get people from the United States and from Canada. That's great. You can target audience by location. So you can target audience by location. That's great. You can target those two locations. Or if you can even go as specific as you just want, the state of Idaho inside of the United States, right? It's not gonna let me do that because I already have a global United States there. I can decide the ages, I can decide the gender, figure out which gender seems to be buying from you more or less, you can split test that if you want to bring your prices down. Make sure they're speaking the language that you speak so that they will understand your sales message and so that they will buy your high end back ticket, your high ticket back end item. So under interest, you can go as general as business and industry. You can go more specific by somebody who's only interested in something very specific, or you can just start typing. So maybe if people who are only interested in internet, marketing, right? You can bring this in. And just keep typing, like because I'll keep coming up. Internet marketing conference, yeah. We went to internet marketing conference and like that, internet marketing for newbies. Sure, that's a course somebody's offering, I'm sure, whatever. So I just keep adding these interests. Or you can, another thing you can do is you can look up affiliates in your market who may be having a Facebook presence. So maybe, maybe John Chow has a Facebook presence. He does, 16,000 people. So let's add him in the list. Maybe, Evan, Pagan, yep, there he is, 21,000. Let's add him to our list. So these are the people we want. If they're interested in any one of these things, then we're gonna have our ad shown to them. So that's how you can target by interest. I have, if you look at my ad set here, I've got, I'll show you what I've got running. So here I have what I call a mid-broad audience. These are people who are interested in internet marketing, web analytics, internet marketing, internet marketing explain, internet marketing for the living, marketing on the internet, internet marketing guild, keyword research, internet marketing manager, SEO, internet marketing for newbies, internet marketers, right? So anybody who's interested in this really specific market, I've even pulled in some software companies who are in the same industry, so Crazy Egg, or, you know, Quick Sprout, or things like that. So, or even gurus that are in here. So Mike feels same, or things like that. So, you know, Frank Kern, to anybody who's really broad right there, and it's a big broad audience. And the thing I'm making sure to do though is I'm excluding, and this is a good tip, so make note of this, exclude, exclude your buyers. And what I mean by that is somebody who's already bought this exact front end offer. Because what's gonna happen is if you don't, over a couple months, if you keep running this ad to the same audience, those who saw your ad and purchased, you don't wanna keep displaying the same ad with the same offer to that same person because they already bought. I mean, obviously they're buyers, so keep showing them ads, just show them other offers that you have. But there's no good to keep showing them the same ad for the same offer. Facebook allows you to exclude your buyers, either by a pixel, so you put a pixel on your thing you paid. And so anytime that that person hits that page, Facebook knows to drop them out of your ad. Or if you've been already selling stuff, selling this offer beforehand, you can actually upload your custom audience, what I'm gonna show you now. You can actually upload your emails of your buyers and Facebook will put those in the audience for you. So let's go to our audiences. Here's what we have is what's called custom audiences. This is probably the most powerful thing we've been doing with Facebook audiences. Here is working with custom audiences. So a custom audience allows you to create an audience by putting a pixel on your website. Okay, so how we use that is on our blog or on the very, very front of our websites, before anybody takes any action if they've landed on our website at all, we have a pixel there that captures them and Facebook grabs them. And so now they're in a website visitor audience that we can market to. So we can run ads that are going to appeal to those who who specifically visited just that front of the website. The same custom audience for your website is the same tool you're gonna use to put a pixel on the back of your website on your thank you page and capture an audience specific to those who have already purchased. You can stop running the ad to them. Okay, the other thing is, is that you can do a data file custom audience. So what you do here is you simply click on it and you say, I am going to upload a CSV file with just a ton of emails. So you can upload your entire email list, the entire email list that you've been collecting over in your Aweber account or your GetResponse account, your Pre-Leverage account. You can upload that entire list here to Facebook and run ads directly to them. So that's a very highly targeted list and it works very well. We use that one all the time. You just choose the file, upload it to Facebook. Facebook takes about a up to an hour, choose really shorter than that, maybe about 20, 30 minutes to scavenge through that list and find all the Facebook users who they can match up to that email and they become a custom audience that you can directly target your ads to. So definitely use that as you're building your email list or maybe you already have one. The other thing we do, which works really well, is that we're always on the lookout for people on Facebook. Who have audiences. So here's Crazy Egg Software, which is great for visitors and conversions, right? This is our exact target audience because our book is all about increasing your conversion to split test book. So here's 5,000 people that we can potentially have as our audience and target directly to them. So I mean, who else talks about a similar product? Maybe Mike, feel same, right? So Russell's always looking out, as am I for people who, for people or, you know, software or organizations who are directly, should be our direct target audiences. And what we do is we actually go ahead and scrape all these users, all the ones who are interacting, who are commenting and posting and stuff on these pages. And we're able to add them directly to a custom audience because with Facebook, you can create a custom audience by uploading Facebook IDs, okay? Let me show you real quick. Just a really quick demonstration of how we do that. We use a software tool called, excuse me, Social Lead Freak. Social Lead Freak is a really simple way to go about this. I think you can get it fairly inexpensively for around $100 or something like that, but you can look for a group that fits your custom audience. So a group like, we'll just go with the internet marketing. So here it looks up all Facebook and finds all the internet marketing groups and all the members that are involved and you can actually extract via an API, you just click here and it'll pull up all those members and give you their Facebook IDs. So you can then come over here into Facebook's custom audiences, upload that custom audience, and you magically have a targeted group to people who are exactly what you want. Exactly your custom audience, whatever it is. So let me talk to you about the difference between groups, events, you can even look up events that are happening and pages. So the thing with pages to start with is that anybody can click like on a page. Maybe you click like on a page a year ago and you don't even remember and you've never been back to that page. Those are obviously less targeted. So what you can do, so I don't know of this 53, you know about internet marketing today, seems like a good page, right? But I don't know if this 53,000 likes, how many of these people are actually involved? I mean, the talking about count is really low, but what a social lead freak allows me to do is actually to extract people who are actually commenting and liking specific posts instead of just liking the page or people who have just commented on specific posts. So that way I can only grab those who are actually targeted because I don't wanna waste my ad spend on those who aren't engaged in this topic. Maybe just click like once upon a time. People in groups on the other hand tend to be more targeted because people who are in a group, you join a group because you wanna interact in the group instead of just clicking like on a page, it actually is a little bit more of a process to join a group. So group people are more engaged and I think people from an event are the most engaged. People who have said, yes, I'm coming to this event at this time and I'm showing up physically to this thing, to this place, that's gonna be your highest converting, especially for a high end offer, people who show up and attend, right? So for your high ticket sales, I think the people who are attending group events are gonna be the best. So using a tool like social lead freak or using a tool like, another way to do it is to just, what is my Facebook ID? If I got that right, it'll pop out, it'll pop out. Let me get another one too that I've seen. I think it's find my Facebook ID. Yeah, this one right here. So you just put your Facebook URL right in there of your profile and look up and it spits out your ID and you can add that to a custom audience. So maybe you're looking for somebody specific or you know of 100 people or 50 people and you can specifically grab them and you wanna show your ad to them because there's something high ticket that you can offer them specifically. You can actually grab their Facebook ID using this free tool online and run an ad specifically to them, which is really great. So that's another thing to do right there. Anyway, so I guess lastly what I wanna get into. So now that you understand audiences that you can have custom audiences or you can just use Facebook's interests for audiences, either going by guru or by celebrities in your space or things like that or by going by general interest, internet marketing, more of a general interest. Evan Pagan is more targeting a celebrity or a guru in the group in the niche. So make sure you do all that. It's really simple. You just tell them how much you wanna spend and then you place the order bam and your ads live, okay? You got your ad running live. You're gonna split test a few images. You're gonna split test a few different lines of copy. You're gonna get your best ad running and then you're gonna come back and you're gonna try to beat it. And then you're gonna come back and you're gonna try to beat that one. I mean, why not always try to improve off of your control? So get your best ad running, get your best ad running and then keep trying to beat it. And there's two reasons to do that. One is you can continue to get better and better and better and two is because after a few months, your ad might start to burn out. You might start to get in banner blindness. People recognize that image. They've seen that ad so many times. They're kind of done with it and they just ignore it. So keeping new ads coming in every month, whatever the pace is as you notice that your ad starts atrophy is a great way to keep things fresh and to always try to improve your ads ability to convert. So, excuse me. So the last thing I want you to pay attention to is the actual comments on your ad. So make sure you're looking at your ads after you have them running because ads show up especially in the newsfeed. They show up with the ability, like any kind of posts for people to comment on it. So you want to make sure that you're moderating these because ads are, I mean, comments are social proof. It's very important to monitor them. If you have negative comments on your ad, it's as if you had negative reviews on your Amazon offer. How many of you buy something on Amazon? And you don't buy it if it has one star. You only buy it if it has four or five stars, right? Those are the things that get bought on Amazon. So you don't want your comments to be one star comments. You want your comments to be four or five star comments. Keep it real though. So remove anything that's spam. Some people will try to ride on your ad by putting a comment that links to their offer. That happens all the time. So every day, every other day, come through and click through your comments. Remove anything that is spam, that's obvious spam. You know, go by my thing instead of Russell's thing. Or remove any negativity. Anybody that's blatantly saying negative things, whether it's even relevant to where other people are just mad that day or whatever. You can leave things that are neutral and leave things that are positive. The reason why I leave things that are neutral is so the ad doesn't look so sterilized. It doesn't look like I've cherry picked. You know, only the best comments to show. I want it to look fairly natural. So I mean, here's a gal right here. She's still waiting for Robbie, one of our coaches to send her something. We just commented that, you know, that we'll let Robbie know. Calling her out in that link so she knows that it happened and she actually liked it. You can see that Angela liked this post. And so this, while it was kind of a neutral, maybe even slightly negative, we repaired it and she liked it. And so everyone sees that she had a positive experience. And so we leave that one there. Here's a really positive one. Troy was so upbeat and professional, so happy, so happy, right? This guy right here, seriously, what a great success story from a young college student. So positive, Russell's the best value online, positive. This guy, I'll change your life. You know, this one, who? Who's Russell? I've never heard of him. So I'm gonna leave that, why not? People can, people cannot know Russell. That's okay, that's a neutral comment. I just leave that on there, right? So anyway, so make sure you're monitoring your comments so that you have, you know, a five star, a five star ad. Anyway, so I went over a lot and there's a lot more you can get into with Facebook. But I guess my first encouragement is just to get out there and do it. Definitely use custom audiences. Target as much as you can. The more specific you can target on your audience, the less dollars you'll have to spend to get that application or to get that website click, to get that sale. So make sure you're honing in as tight as you can on those audiences. Split testing different images, split testing different headlines, and that'll be good. I'm gonna pull up the questions here and see what questions we have. If you have any more questions, go ahead and put them in and I'll see if I can get to them. Someone's asking, how do you get, Richard's asking, how do you get Facebook to be more predictable? Seems that one day they'll get, you know, 2.4 click through rate, and next day for the same audience, it'll be 0.8. It's a good question, Richard. What I'd look at is, if your ads are running, so if they're running on the right hand side, and in the right hand side of those little ad images, your click through rate's gonna be dramatically different than if they're running in the news feed. So a news feed click through rate at 2% or 4% click through rate, that's how many people are clicking on it versus impressions. You know, that's good, keep those ones running, that's doing good. But in the right hand corner, you can see that there's a lot of people who are not doing anything else, that's doing good. But in the right hand column, it's gonna be a tenth of that, it's gonna be a 0.4% just because of where it is. Granted, your cost is gonna be, it's gonna be the same. So I've had more success on the right hand side on some ads and more success on the news feed on some ads. Click through rate is dramatically different on the right hand side than in the news feed, as expected, but the costs are adjusted accordingly. So try right hand side, try main news feed. And once you get an ad that's working and that you get it running, I found it to be fairly consistent. Of course Facebook can make any adjustments they want, but there's one ad that we've had running for, I'd say six or seven months without touching it other than excluding the buyers so that they don't see it again. And moderating the comments. Otherwise I'd just let that ad run and I keep looking at it every day and it makes money, so we keep it going. He asked if it's against terms of service to scrape the fan pages, Richard. I haven't looked into it enough other than I know that Facebook allows custom audiences and they allow you to upload Facebook user IDs. And I have the only way I could imagine that you could grab those is if you just, you know, as if you went onto Facebook and you grabbed them from somewhere. So I don't know, you might wanna read into the terms of service and see if it is, but I'd be surprised only because they're specifically allowing it and encouraging it. So, I mean, unlike the thing that's different with Facebook ads versus sending out an email from an obver responder, as an email from an obver responder, they wanna make sure that people have opted in, if not double opted in to your list. You know, so they're very much specifically wanting to receive your emails, right? Facebook is happy to show an ad to anybody. It's their platform, they can show an ad to anyone, just like a blog can show an ad or Google can show an ad to anybody. But what they care about is that their ads get shown as relevant as possible because it makes the users happy and it makes the buyer of the ad happy. So they want you to know specifically your, they want you to know specifically your audience, your, who specific Facebook IDs you wanna show the ad to because the more honed in you can be, the more lucrative everyone is, so, and the happier everyone is. So, I don't know, the way I see it is they're kind of encouraging it. So, just reading some more questions here. Okay, Dave, thanks for that comment about the Facebook user IDs. And Robert says, that after uploading and finding what emails have a Facebook ID, can you then download a clean list with the IDs? I don't know, I've never tried to export my custom audience. But yeah, so you're asking once you upload your email list to Facebook and it gives you, gives you your custom audience, if you can then download that custom audience. I don't know, but I guess again, I wouldn't know why you'd want to because you still have your email list and then just next time when you upload that email list, Facebook will just be able to find the ones that are in. And I don't think there's any reason to do that. Robert asks, does it matter how large the CSV file is that you upload to Facebook? We uploaded one that was like over half a million emails big and it worked just fine. So, I know that, that size at least works. I don't know of any of any limit on size. CSVs are such a small file type. No, it's not a very, you know, bit intensive file type. So, the files are fairly small. They're not huge, you know, gigabyte files or anything. They're just little kilobyte and megabyte files. So they upload well and Facebook doesn't seem to have a limit at least they haven't expressed it. So yeah, you can create, Esperanza asked if you can create different ads to split tests, you bet. You can create all the ads you want Facebook, create, you know, create, like I say, a good formula that I've seen work for us and I've, you know, I watched over the shoulder as another Facebook advertiser that I respect, did the same thing, create four ads just so you don't go crazy. I mean, you could create 40, but why drive yourself crazy? Just create four with four different images, run those ads, find the image that's working the best, take that image and then create four different headlines, you know, and split test that the text, the copy of the headline and choose which, which one of those is working the best. Then you've got the best combo, you've got the best copy and the best image running to what you thought was a good audience and then start split testing the audiences. So now you've got the best image and the best copy and then split test a bunch of different audiences and find out the audience that's gonna convert the best. You might want to be, continue running into a variable audiences. Like I've gotten to add this running to four different audiences just because, just because they're all converting similarly and I want to grab all those different audiences. So, what kind of monthly budget do you need to start generating leads for backend sales? Let me be super transparent here and show you exactly what we're spending to get, to get a direct, what we're spending to get a front end sale and it kind of breaks even for us. I mean, I think we're getting more of the break evens. We're actually profiting a little bit on those front ends but it's about, we're about $20, 18 to $25 depending on the day, the weekend, whatever to get one of these labs books sold. But let me show you directly, direct ads to the application page right here. Direct link to a retargeted list of people who showed up on our website and we put a retargeted pixel on there. We're showing this ad and we're getting an average of $21 gets us an application, right? So maybe this will help you set your budget. Directly to this ad and it's specifically saying, join Russell's inner circle. Do you want to work directly with Russell Brunson? So it's very clear what they're going to do. They're going to go work directly with Russell Brunson. We're not hiding anything here. This isn't hiding behind a front end off or anything but work directly with Russell Brunson targeted to our custom audience, people who are visiting our websites, $21 per conversion. A couple back here. This one is sending to a whole bunch of gurus, right? So other people that are also gurus or celebrities in this industry, it's more expensive, $28 per conversion, but I'm letting it run still because we want more applications. Our two coaches that are calling, they want more applications. So I've got both ads running just so we have that as much volume as we can. A direct link to a custom audience is that I created by using Facebook IDs. There it is, $18 per conversion. So that's the cheapest one. And then directly to a video post, I'm using a post engagement here so it's not as clear as exactly what the cost per conversion is, but it's similar too. So yeah, there's a budget you can start with that if you're running against your front end offer where you can kind of break even on your ad spend instead of directly to an application, figure out how much spend it takes to get a front end conversion. So maybe you have to spend $30 to get your front end conversion and then just make sure that your front end conversion with its attached upsells and downsells nets you at least $30 and then you're breaking even. And then your monthly budget could be, in essence, infinite because it keeps, and I say that tongue in cheek, but because you keep paying yourself back on the front end, right? Okay, so Dave, so yeah, Dave Alvino says that scraping the Facebook user IDs, he thinks it's against the terms of service. Well, if that's the case, then follow your heart on that one, but you can definitely upload your email list. It's totally available and it's an offer right there. Also, you know, just the custom audience says it's working so well. So how much to spend a month on ad as Baranza again? Just figure out your budget. You can see what we're spending right here. Robert says I'd like to push a Facebook ad to his people and then email them with a rapid mailer and they could one click sign up with a Facebook ID. Yeah, I guess you could do that. Never tried that. And lastly, let's see, the stats you just shared. $20 or higher, is that to get a front end sale or to get an app filled out? So these ads right here, Vanessa, $20 to get an app filled out. Now, again, that depends on how well your page, so the page we're dropping them on is this one right here, you know, which is video based and it specifically looks as application page, we're being really crystal clear here where we're not hiding anything, applying now to talk to a coach, right? So this is the page we're driving them to and our ads to those audiences driving to that page are getting us applications for anywhere from $18 to $30. So yeah, that is that. Anyway, thanks guys, those are all your questions. So I'll go ahead and wrestle you there. I'm gonna turn that time back over to you and you can kind of follow up here. I think I've gone long enough, so. Awesome, thank you, John, I appreciate it. So everyone, I hope you guys got a lot of value out of that. Between, again, you don't have to drive a ton of trips. You saw here, like, we're not driving tons and tons and tons of traffic, you know, we're getting $21 for us to get an application, but then on the other side there, let's see, I was telling you guys before, so I'm trying to get myself to become the presenter again. There we go. If you guys remember on week number, they're all starting to blur again, week number one, week number two, we talked about how much per application. We're on the low end, so if you think about it, we're paying $21 to get an application and if we're averaging $1,000 per application, is that good or is that great? You know what I mean? It's pretty awesome. So even if you were to have to spend twice that or three times that or 10 times that, as long as you have the back and stuff in place, it sustains itself. And so with us, because we only have, and remember when we did the initial front end webinar, people were shocked, they're just like, wait, you're making that much money with just two or three people. And the reality is we don't need a ton of applications. If we can get, we're literally looking at each week, if we can get 20 applications from Facebook and if we can get 30 or 40 applications from email, that more than sustains us. We couldn't handle more leads than that right now if we wanted to. So it's something that you can test small and if you're initially doing it, just get three or four applications and then put them through the sales process and see what happens, see how many people go in and sign up, see what you're averaging per application and that'll give you a good idea of what you can spend back here. I mean, I would probably say just for a number standpoint, like go and buy the traffic to go and get 10 applications. So it's gonna cost you a couple hundred dollars, but that'll give you the ability to just test it and see if from 10 applications, you should be able to get one of those people to join your high ticket program from there if you're following the scripts like we taught you guys on week number three and as well as all the training inside the members area. So let's see. Okay, question from Luke. So it's the Russell's for 30 bucks application, 40 leads a week, support two sales folks, only 1200 a week spend, pretty impressive. Yeah, I mean, when you come down to it, you guys, the numbers are really, really sexy. It makes, I mean, I look back at like when we had our sales team of 60 people, I almost wish we would have had Facebook because we could have done way better, had more consistent leads and better leads. The other thing that's nice that John's talking about is the reason why we had to have 60 sales people back in our old sales force because we were dialing through all sorts of just data, trying to find who the buyers were. We're here, we can target very, very closely and find out people who are already predispositioned to buy what we're trying to sell. The reason why we're driving directly to the application page is because people who actually fill that out, most of them into buying because I'm not trying to like trick them into, I'm not cold calling them and I'm saying, hey, if you wanna work with Russell, apply here. And they have a pretty good idea that when we call them, we're gonna sell them something and it makes the whole process a lot easier. So we don't need to go and get a whole ton of people to filter and get through all these leads, we just kinda target them directly like that. So, very, very good question. Okay, next question is, what's the typical conversion on the phone? So again, it's a hard metric to say. What we don't typically look at like conversion, like one out of whatever, but what we're looking at, the metric we usually, and I talked about this earlier, it was DPL, so dollar per lead. So if I get 10 leads, or what's my average dollar per lead? So a lead for us is an application. And again, our goal is about $1,000 application, which is pretty close to what we're hovering. Some weeks we get a little above that, some weeks we get a little below that, but 1,000 is kinda where we're hovering with the application leads. And so dollars per lead, we're looking at if $1,000 per lead, look at what the conversions are. I would say one out of 10 is probably lower than what we're doing, we're doing a little better than that. But I think for most of you guys, if you follow the scripts, the way that we laid out in the other modules, one out of 10 is not unrealistic. So, yeah. So the biggest thing you guys, all this stuff we just kinda share with you, over the last month and everything in the members area, it all comes down to just taking that leap of faith and just doing it. There's not a ton of pieces, it's setting up your two step application, it's making sure you got someone who can answer the phones and do the calls, and it's setting up your coaching program on the back and then it's just driving the traffic into it. And like we said, it's not a ton of traffic you have to have. And if you do that, you can have a lot of success. It's been fun watching guys like Mike, I showed you earlier a couple other people who are doing this, who are hiring, and if you haven't been doing that yet, I wanna ask you why not? We had somebody today call and ask for a refund and it made me, I felt bad for them because they obviously, when we started this program a month ago, they were excited and then they, for whatever reason, like, ah, it's not for me. And I think a lot of times it's the fear of like, can I do the next step? Like we've gotta go and hire some people and get some people in place and create my program and yeah, there's pieces that go into it. But man, I wanna ask you guys, would it be worth it? If you were making an extra 50 or 60 grand a week from this, would it be worth it? Okay, that's what you really have to look at. I remember when I was in college, my senior year, we had this class, it was a creativity class. We had to go and make a presentation out of something creative we had made. So everyone had these like, dumb presentations. And for me, I just very launched my very first membership site. And I remember I had done a bunch of marketing, had about 300 people paying me 30 bucks a month or whatever, you know, something like that. And I remember I got up in the class and I showed that process. And I think it was a little more than that because I remember at the time, I was making about 15 grand a month off it. I remember presenting that to the class and I remember my teacher, my creativity teacher, at the end of my presentation was like, do you guys understand what he just did? Like he just created this thing that's making, you know, that's $150,000 a month or a year, which is more than most people make. And he created that in the last like 30 days during this class. And I remember him like freaking out as this little Indian guy, Dr. Murley, he was jumping around all excited. And then he looked at the class, did you guys have questions for him? Like, what questions do you guys have? And I remember looking out at the class and everyone had this like glazed overlook on their eyes and they were sitting back in their seats and one guy raises his hand and Dr. Murley calls on and says, yeah, what's your question? And the guy said, you know, that all seems nice and well, but man, that seems like a lot of work. I remember sitting back and saying, thinking to myself, I literally spent a month of my time working, you know, after wrestling practice and after college and so maybe three or four hours a day of my free time, you know, turn off the TV and actually worked. And in a month I had created this asset that was gonna make me $15,000 a month for the rest of my life. And I looked at him and he had just gone through, you know, five or six years of college, he was about to graduate. He was lucky he was gonna get a job starting at 30 to 40 grand a year. And I remember just thinking, man, that seems like a lot more work than what I just did. I think for a lot of you guys, I wanna make sure I stress that to you over and over and over again. Like, the amount of work that goes into this is not that hard in the grand scheme of things. You gotta find two good people who can get on the phone and sell you. You gotta set up a program and you gotta drive a little bit of traffic in the front of it. It's not that hard and if you do, you know, one or two sales a month can change your life forever. And so I just wanna really kind of re-encourage you guys and put that out there again for you and just help you understand that it's gonna take a little work, but I promise you guys that when you implement it, it'll definitely be worth it. Way better than spending the next five years of your life, selling $27 e-books and hoping to break even on your ad spend. Okay, this is the way to get the cash and to profit very, very quickly. And I know it works, it's worked for us over and over and over again. We've been doing this for eight or so years doing high ticket stuff and this is the way we do it. It works and it's replicable. You literally plug and play it into any other business in the world and now you guys have the tools you need to plug it into yours as well. So, very, very cool. So that's about it for today, you guys. I will get this recording up in the members area within the next 24 hours, hopefully. And if you have any questions, again, the number one thing I can recommend is go set up your strategy call with Robbie. It's not a sales call, I told him very specifically, he's not allowed to sell you guys anything, which is probably hard for him. But the goal of the call is really to educate and train you guys and give you guys the tools and the resources you need to be able to implement this. And it literally, you guys, you can get set up for a couple hundred bucks, have it run in and your very first sale will make you 10 times any kind of investment you put in so far. So, let's get it started. Let's get your first program working. Set up your call with Robbie, get that done. It's in the members area, there's the tab, you click on it, fill out an application, not application, but you fill out a little form that tells Robbie about you, then he sets up a time, and you guys have your call, and he will work magics for you in your business. So, that's about it, you guys, appreciate you all. And, oh, some of that's how long the high ticket stuff, it'll be archived in the members area forever. We're not planning on ever taking it down. And we will update things as things change. We'll update and tweak so that you guys have always the most up to date info in there as well. Awesome, thanks everybody, appreciate you, and we will talk to you guys again very soon.