So it's a very interesting example of stitching the pieces together in a way that creates a lot of value. How to get paid more as a consultant, which should be 110. The first three things go together. First of all, never accept predetermined assignments. You don't want to get hired to do X. You want to prescribe. You don't want the patient coming to you and saying, I want a hip replacement. Well, no, you want to be the one to do a bunch of diagnostics and say, you need a hip replacement, and a head replacement, and an elbow replacement, and et cetera, et cetera. If you wish to do a lot of work, then it is easy for consultants to expand assignments. You add on, add on, add on, add on. Because the client's vision of what needs to be done and what he wants done and what is going to be done is usually pretty small. So for example, Miracle Air originally came to us thinking they needed some new ads. They wound up with a $2 million project encompassing all sorts of stuff. Now, they need it, but it's a far cry from what they had in their head of what they might need or want. My very first consultant client was a company called Brookside Labs. And Brookside Labs is a company, they're a consulting company. They sell agricultural productivity improvement to farmers. And by that, what I mean is they're really a soil analysis laboratory who calls their sales reps consultants. And so they come out and they charge the guy a program fee and they take dirt from all over his place and they put it a little vials, and they bring it back to the lab and they test all the dirt and they figure out that he needs more iron over here, and he needs more manganese over here, and they make a color-coded map of what kind of nutrition needs to go here, there, and there, in order to make the dirt produce better. And then they go back and they deliver the map. So I did a speech form and then we had the post-speech sort of debriefing, which is how I used to sell consulting. And so then their vision was, okay, I just did a speech. Well, it's obvious they're salespeople, they're not a sell. So the next thing they need is sales training. But really, so they kind of get that. In fact, that was like their question, it's okay, what do we do now to really get these guys trained? Well, that's okay. But even if we get them trained, they're also having trouble getting appointments. So we need a marketing system in order to get them appointments. Then they got this renewal problem. They're only renewing 30% of the clients, so they need a system over here to lock the guy in for three years or four years or five years. By the time I was done, I was there for 28 months working on one thing, after the other, after the other, including arbitration between board members and all sorts of others. And the assignment just kept expanding and expanding and expanding and expanding. It should, because you can see things, they can't, obviously, that's one of the reasons that you're there. Always be in the strategy business, not in just a do-it business. So like from my standpoint, as a copywriter, see, the reason, the big reason why most freelance copywriters don't make any money is because they take copywriting assignments. And so the client comes and says, I need an eight-page sales letter and an envelope and a coupon. What are you going to charge me to do that? The client comes to me and says, I need an eight-page sales letter and an envelope and a coupon. I say, you want a bet? I'll bet that ain't what you need at all. So now I'm in the strategy business, and I assure you what they need is not an eight-page sales letter and an envelope and a coupon. They need like a 48-step campaign, a new lead generation system, a TV infomercial, a shock in all box, et cetera, et cetera. Secondly, you make more money as a consultant when you just don't deliver advice, when you deliver work products. Some stuff, some kind of thing. So in Jack's theft control business, the consulting side of the business was really theft control audits, an inventory control audits. But now we added to that train-to-trainer materials, constant video and DVDs that people sat in front of and watched in between the seminars. We added work product, training materials, and so forth. Find a way for your services to be free. The easiest way to sell consulting is if you can convince everybody that it doesn't cost them anything in order to give you money. And if you're selling any kind of business improvement, that, of course, is relatively easy to do. It's all about making the money as a discount argument, which is usually tied to their transaction size.