Nido years ago was doing a lot of consulting for a furniture company, furnished his whole house at cost. Those sorts of things are available. There's no reason not to take them. You actually ought to look for them, as a matter of fact. Fee presentation mistakes. Talking about it too soon. I bought several years ago from now. So you've actually seen the suit. I go into the Bernini store in the forum shops at Vegas. I'm not really intending to buy anything. And look at this suit. And the sales guy starts selling me the suit. And I start asking how much the suit is. And I don't get an answer. I get plucked too. And I ask again. And I don't get an answer. And I ask again. And I don't get an answer. Now I get asked, well if you were going to get the suit, when would you need to get it picked up tailored? I'm leaving. I'm having dinner and then I'm leaving. No problem. Then pretty soon at some point he's on the phone calling the manager at home to see if he can do X, Y, or Z. I don't remember what. I think I asked the price of this suit 27 times. He never got the answer. I bought the suit. Still didn't know what the damn price was. I got it on. I got the tailor out there. I got it measured. I got the bag. I still don't know what the damn price is. I don't know the price until he's ringing the register. There's a good reason why he didn't tell me the price when I asked 27 times. It's as close to unconscionable as you can think of a price for a suit. But there's a lesson in it. Now 27 is excessive. But sort of my mental rule is when I'm selling consulting or when I'm selling copywriting, so there's a fee to be calculated. I like to be asked three times before I answer. So I think you can go to fee too soon. I think they need to have a deep emotional commitment to buying before you get to fee. And so a lot of people get there too soon. Almost a bigger mistake is switching to being a salesman again. And so when people are asked about fee and they present fee, they switch from consultant, advisor, I'll accept you if you beg, take away selling mode to frantically justifying fee. Well here's how much it is, but bide, bide, bide, bide, bide, bide. And they also start to downsell before there's any need to downsell. And we could leave this out and this of them would bring the price down to this and so forth. And they switch into being a salesman. It's not the way to quote a fee. The way to quote a fee is to quote a fee and shut up. That's the way to quote a fee. And more often than not, if everything has been done right up until then, you might hear gulps, you might hear somebody chewing on the inside of their cheek, you might see a tear appear in the corner of their eye, you might see some like visible shaking, but eventually you'll hear, well, let's do it. And so since the majority of the time you're going to hear that, you don't want to go through all those other gyrations and get in the way, you only want to go through those gyrations for the small number of people who say, ah, really, you know, and then you decide what you want to do about that. So you don't want to switch to the selling mode. And the last thing is you don't want to be afraid of it. If you properly desensitize them to the level of where your fees are. So everything you've done leading up until then has sort of braced them and prepared them and reduced sticker shock. So let's take my copywriting fees. Let's assume that I met with somebody for free for a meeting. And then we talked about what needed to be done, and then I quoted them my fee. They'd be dead. I mean, they'd be right there on the floor dead clutching their heart. But by properly preparing them all the way along from what they were told by others to reputation, to what I've told them, to what they've read, on and on and on and on and on. By the time I quote the fee, they at least don't keel over. In a few cases, they're actually surprised at what was worse. And in many cases, it's just a little bit more than they really had worked themselves up to expect before we got there.