See, there's certain numbers you need to get a handle on in order to make a sale to somebody. You need to know their average transaction size. You need to know their average gross margin. And if possible, you need some kind of customer value number. First year, one year, three year lifetime. With those three numbers, you can make almost anything you are selling them free because you can convince them. And the higher the transaction value, the easier it is, of course. So, see, to sell, so, for Charlie to sell a $25,000 program to a dentist, but if Charlie's average case value is 40, and their average case value is 10, he doesn't have to increase them to 40, but that's what they see. Oh, 40. All he's got to be able to do is double their average case value from 10 to 20, and in two and a half cases, they got all their money back. How many patients do you treat? How many cases do you do in a month? Four. Well, you got to have all your money back in 30 days. Like, free. I mean, why wouldn't you do this? Or how many more new, whatever's do I have to get you as a result of being involved in this program? Well, if it's a $30,000 a year program and their transaction value is $1,000, 30. Well, that's not even three a month. It's 2.8 new customers a month you wouldn't have otherwise. Now all I got to do is convince him that by being in this program, he's going to at least get 2.8 new customers he wouldn't have got otherwise. Generally speaking, it's not a hard case to make. People get it. You can make an argument for it. You can support it with your testimonies. So the three numbers you got to know in order to make a consulting sale or a coaching sale for that matter is you got to know what their average transaction size is. You got to know what their gross margin is. Although you'll try and use the gross transaction size as your measurement, but sometimes selling one-on-one consulting, somebody's actually smart enough to want to talk about margin. So you got to know what their gross margin is and you got to know some customer value number, one year, first year, three year, lifetime. Obviously, the lifetime is the best because it will be the biggest. And that's a number, by the way, they won't know, but you can get them like to guess at it. You can talk them through it. So the dry cleaner doesn't have any idea, for example. But he knows how much an average dry cleaning order is and he knows how many times a year his average customer comes in. So now you can talk them through it. Well, how many customers do you think you keep for 10 years? How many customers do you think you keep for three years? And now you can calculate out what the customer value is and now you can use that number against you can use that number to assist him in making an intelligent decision about participating in your program. So those are the three numbers that you need. When you go to escape billable hours, you sell projects, not time. You want other compensation than fees. Oh, yeah, you want to know. Don't just the next page. You want to let me, I think. So you want fees plus other compensation. That's important. I said and then corrected myself. I didn't mean other compensation instead of fees. I meant fees plus other compensation. We'll come back and talk about that in a second. You want work product dollars because you'll always get more money if they're getting stuff than if they're just talking to you. You may be able to get materials in quantity dollars. This is especially true of corporate clients. So they got to buy one of your thing for all their salespeople or one of your thing for all their offices, et cetera. You may be able to get Mark Twain Huck Finn money. That means some part of what you deliver. You may be able to get somebody else to do the work for free for the glory, for the intern experience in order to get the testimonial, in order to be able to use the work product somewhere else. There's some kind of outsourcing in staff. So the five, six, and seven are the ways that you get paid and don't do the work. Recycling real important. The longer you're in the gig, see one of the only places that there's leverage in consulting and copywriting is dealing with the same type of client again and again and again so you're recycling the stuff you've already done. So you build up a bank of knowledge, content, work product that can be pulled off the shelf sold for the same price as if you were creating from scratch, but really it's 80% already done.