I said you have got to be kidding me. Now we got nothing. No contracts. They won't sign up for pest control at their house without a contract, but a million dollar business deal, oh yeah, we've known each other for years. We can work out anything. Yeah. Contracts. And the contracts include the rules, the behavior. And so we'll get into sample docs. I'll show you some samples. And delays in response. Another part of this is making people dependent upon you. Many of you have heard me say, Werner Erhard, who started S. I asked Werner, give me the truth about S in five minutes or less. And he said, we preach independence and we breed dependence. That's S. Well, to a great degree, all of our businesses are the same. We want them to feel dependent on us, all the time teaching them all the ways they can go and be independent. And now here's the corollary to this, which is really important to understand, is in just about anything you would consult with people about. You would be delivering to people and coaching. You would be teaching to people. After a year, they got the mechanics. The mechanics of whatever it is you do and whatever it is that I do ain't that tough. They're really not that complicated. Direct response isn't that complicated. For example, for me, hey, you need an offer. You need a story. You need a headline. And you need somebody to put it in front of who it might have a chance of being interesting to. That's about it. The rest of it's all nuance and teach it the same principle with a different story. And your stuff's the same, whatever it is you do. So they're not dependent on you for your core content or your core competency very long. They have to be dependent upon you for other reasons. The three big hits are here. It's helpful if they believe that you're the only one who can do what you do. We have a guy, I don't race horses. We have a guy who rebuilds hooves. This is kind of important, by the way, because no feet, no horse. Bad feet, horse won't race. And their feet have a lot of problems. Because there's how everybody pounds their ears on these little tiny feet. And so they crack sometimes. And they literally crack all the way up the hoof. Now there's a handful of things you can do. You can use metal, and you can put them together. There's some glop you can use. But there's this one guy. And he's got his own proprietary glop. And he's a magician at this. To watch it is a performance. And it takes like an hour and a half for him. And he comes and he rebuilds the hoof with this glop. And ultimately, the hoof grows with the glop on it. And then eventually, you cut the glop off. And bingo, you got a foot back. Now the stuff's pretty miraculous. But he's even more miraculous. And the routine he goes through, I've now concluded the routine, is all for show. Because it's the same glop on the same hoof every single time. He's only got one glop. The procedure's the same. I've watched him three times. But the hour and a half, the first hour is this diagnostic bullshit thing. He's Walker. He's picking the hoof. He's measuring this. He's measuring that. He's making little notes in his notebook. How much does something come with that? How does he do it? And all of it, he does the same thing every time. His name's Rusty. And he's about five times as expensive as any other option you can do for this. I mean, it's like $1,000 off.