If you never put them in the costumes and you had Bruce Wayne in a sports jacket and a tie and a button down shirt and Grace Lacks swaying through the skies of Gotham at night and jumping down in front of a criminal and yelling boo, does the movie work? Pretty tough. The costume is everything. Gotta have them. If you got Peter Parker climbing up and down buildings in his regular clothes, what's the point? It's all about the costume, right? So it's packaging. If packaging to products is so important, surely packaging of people is equally important. Nido Cabane, who's speaking at our super conference, the joke about Nido, National Speakers Association is, you know, if you don't know who he is, he's easy to define, he's the guy in the pool in the afternoon in his three-piece suit. Because you ain't ever going to see him out of his three-piece suit. Every place he is, he's overdressed. Now is that smarter or not smart? Well, I'm going to tell you, he's probably taking more money out of that market than anybody else has over 25 years, with no credentials going in. Not much credentials coming out, but magnificent packaging from the beginning. Not today, Nido's a credentialed guy, right? Very successful consulting company, great harvest bread company, he's very successful, bank successful, university he's dean of is successful. But hey, I knew him when he wasn't credentialed. I knew him when he was starting to speaking and consulting career with nothing but a great brochure and a pinstripe suit. And people assumed a lot about credentials and right to ask for money. So costumes are pretty important. Donnie Deutsch's quote is interesting because he changed the costume as he went along through his career. So have I. At multi-day events, often you will see me start the first day dressed up more than I am by the third day. These are choices. These are thoughts. We shot this infomercial with Robert Wagner and if you're really young, the guy in the Austin Powers movie with the eyepatch. If you're a little older, you'll have a better frame of reference. If you're old enough, you think of him as the Cary Grant who wasn't. And so Wagner shows up for rehearsal. Casually dressed but elegant, casual dressed, like country club dressed. I watch him from inside the studio. Get out of the limo, get the jacket with the finger just right over the shoulder, walk in in a certain way. A movie star walked in to our crummy little infomercial place to meet the client. Now he already had the money. He's already hired. We're using him. He could just as easily have shown up in jeans and a t-shirt. It's only rehearsal. There's no cameras rolling. There's no other money presumably to get. We're all going to sit around a table and read a script. Why this? When we talk later, he said, that's what I sell. I sell the fact that I'm a movie star. People want to be with a movie star. You can't be a movie star and show up looking like their next door neighbor. It's a mistake. In the sales training program, I just recorded with Sidney. Sidney says it's exactly the same thing. You can't have somebody call up the most expensive escort service in New York and expect a call girl fantasy experience and have her show up looking like the girl next door. That don't work. Wagner says, this is it. This is what I sell. He said, you pay me $100,000 shooting infomercial. Somebody else pays me $100,000 for four of us to go play golf together. Somebody else pays me $100,000 to show up at a party. Don't make any difference. My number is $100,000. I don't do anything for $100,000 pretty much. But this is what I sell. I sell the fact that I'm a movie star. And tomorrow, I'll be wearing my movie star uniform. His language, not my blue blazer, gray slacks, blue shirt. You guys can have your choice of ties. I'll be wearing my movie star uniform.