So now the trick is to try and get 500 fire alarm sales guys to all do it right That's but all you're trying to do is get you to do it right So your job is to figure out in every one of your situations What the best performance is and Then do it This is by the way the consulting and coaching business that Sydney and I are developing because she is intuitively brilliant at it and identifying And the how what the choreography ought to be of a face-to-face sale and again hardly anybody gives this any thought I've always given it a lot of thought What's the entrance? What should the entrance entrance look like I for example? There's a reason I never wanted to be picked up at airports And it's not that I want to stand there and wait for a cab or try and find my own way to the hotel It's not really that I'm anti-social I am but that's not primarily I mean the reasons I don't want to be picked up at the airports is because I can't control The impact the impression the environment of that so My first interaction if I'm going to give a speech my first interaction with the client is now under conditions That don't work for me I want to control that meeting not have God knows what happening During that meeting. There's the whole issue of what you are seen doing Now this is relatively rare For example this event number one not trying to sell you anything. So that takes that changes things dramatically number two We got a relationship etc. Etc. But most of the time But you would not see me carry my own bag into the room Not because I'm above carrying bags. It's not you know a prima donna thing I mean I I do more ugly gritty manual labor work than most people would imagine It's not about that. It's about it's a bad message It's under the there's this famous story that ends with the punchline of Sinatra turning to everybody and saying Frank Sinatra doesn't move pianos and There are certain things important people do and certain things Important people don't do and certain things unimportant people do and certain things unimportant people don't do And so you got to think about what message everything you're seeing doing sands There's I hear somebody will oh no that's somebody sawing I thought somebody was laughing Where you sit A coaching environment pretty important how you sit Sit down at their level that sends one kind of message and it sets one kind of environment Are you gonna sit up here that sends a different kind of message sets a different kind of environment in An event like this. I don't want to be up on a platform And that distances it gives me a little more control by the way, but it distances me from you I want this to be dialogue II as much as possible, etc. But Were I here to sell you a $20,000 something? I'd want to be up on a platform And I might still use the stool, but I don't want to be up on a platform So your physical environment in which you work with people is important When you enter rooms is important before everybody after everybody with everybody Do you stand in line at the buffet with them? Do you bump the line? Do you not eat at the buffet at all? All of these things are important when someone I Went upstairs and had lunch with Bill It was more about a need to have lunch with Bill than it was posturing If I had stayed down here, I would have bumped the line In in in answer to your question If I'd stayed down I would have politely bumped the line And I would have been you know funny about it, but I would have bumped the line Now at platinum when there's only 20 of us and we have a different kind of relationship. I'll stand. I don't care I'll go last I'll stand and I'll just take my place in line with everybody else But here I would have bumped the line