Charlie and I have talked about, and I don't remember now where you told me the research came from or where I saw the research, but you know, and there's a little variance by age, but in a dental office, you can leap in and correct me if I screw this up, but I think I got it right. In a dental office, and for that matter, most medical offices and most chiropractic offices, there tend to be three ways that patients are brought from front to back. One is the person behind the counter yells out, Mr. Tucker, the doctor's ready for you in the back. Tucker gets up and puts his magazine down and schleps over to the door. Another is she stands up and comes around the counter and still yells, Mr. Tucker, the doctor's ready for you in the back, and Tucker puts his magazine down and schleps over and she opens the door for him to go into the back. The third is she comes all the way out into the reception area, comes over to Mr. Tucker's side and says, Mr. Tucker, the doctor's ready for you in the back, escorts Mr. Tucker to the door, opens the door and hands Tucker off to whoever is on the other side of the door. So any one of those three things can happen in the office. The satisfaction level of the patient, the acceptance of recommendations level of the patient varies profoundly based on which one of those three things happens. Now in chiropractic, we always taught a particular office tour. So for example, one of the things we always taught chiropractors for the $30,000 was how to do a good office tour. And that has to be customized a little bit for each office, but fundamentally you're going to take this person around the first time to every place as if you were taking a tour of Disney World. And there's a script for it and there's signage for it. I did it, one of the first things I did when I took over a manufacturing company, General Cassette, where we had clients come and we sold them, is we created the General Cassette tour. And so we took you around from machine to machine to station to station and showed you how your cassette program was going to come to fruition. And we had big signs above every machine. We had really crappy machines, but we had good signs. And so here this is the triple XYZ, TMZ, duplicator with five built-in quality control duma fludges. And here's what happens here. And so we had a tour and we put the staff, even the manufacturing people in nice little jackets with logos on them so they look more like Starbucks people than illegal immigrants, which is what they were. So like we dressed them up, we dressed the place up, we created a script and we had three or four people who knew the script, the signage kind of controlled the script and off the person went on the tour. Same thing in the chiropractic office. So they take him. Here's the restroom, here's the therapy room, and then there's a sign on the wall about the therapy room and the five machines and the gym. And there's testimonials up on the wall, nice frame testimonials with pictures of patients that match each thing that you are showing them on the tour. Now this is a very choreographed event. This has to happen in a certain way. The person should be on this side, not on this side. When I first learned selling, I had two sales training experiences. One was the year I worked as a book rep for Price Derms Long, they hired me, they handed me the catalog and they handed me the computer print out of everybody that was in my five state territory and said, go get them Bubba. And then about a month later, they sent in one of their other sales guys to ride around with me for a week, who pretty much taught me how to cheat on your expense account, how to pick up really drunk, unhappy married women in holiday and bars, and how to get an illegal credit card machine so you could document for your expense account that you were somewhere that you had never gone. Those are the three things he taught me how to do. That was their sales training program. I'm not quite sure they fully understood the sales training program that they were actually delivering, but that was their sales training program. There was no training of when you walk into a professional purchasing agent's office at Macy's and sit down to present to him, there was no training of what do you do? How do you enter the room? Where do you sit? Where do you ... none of that. And my guess is nobody had ever given any thought to it. And consequently, everybody did it differently. I ultimately, within a year's time, had all that worked out in my head and was doing a consistent thing over and over and over again that worked.