I have a quick question. When you're selling your program and you're taking a whole bunch of... You do realize that is your perpetual and constant pre-framing. Yes, it is. Which is very good. I just have a quick question. It's never a quick question. It's never a simple question. But you preface every question you ask with, I just have a quick question. Are you doing it on purpose? No, I'm not. It's clever. Keep doing it. Okay. Now I have to stop and think about it. When you sell something and it's, you know, for a really high ticket item, do you have a standard guarantee that you offer with it? Do you even bother to offer one? I'll tell you something very interesting about guarantees. Harvey and I talked about this yesterday. The higher the caliber of the client and or the higher the price of the thing being sold, the less guarantees are necessary, important or relevant. It's the exact opposite of what you would think. Guy buying a $300 item for whom $300 is a significant amount of money. Great guarantees are almost essential to make the sale. Guy buying a $3,000 item for whom $3,000 is significant. Guarantees not quite as necessary. Guy buying a $30,000 item, whether the $30,000 is significant to him or not, the guarantee is not particularly important in most cases because even to be in a position to make a $30,000 purchase from you, he's kind of gotten past the point where he needs that kind of reassurance. And somebody making a $30,000 purchase for whom $30,000 is not significant, cares even less about the guarantee than $3,000 even when $3,000 is insignificant. It's sort of like the analogy is in the seminar business, a $300 seminar, you got to have food, you got to have coffee and donuts and rolls and juice in the morning and you got to put out cookies in the afternoon and you got to give them nice notebooks and pens when they get there or they all complain and piss them off. At $3,000, you can get by with coffee and juice. At $30,000, you can give them water. Now you would think it would be the exact opposite but it isn't because they don't care about that. That's not why they're there. So at $30,000, they're there to get the information. They'll tolerate anything. You sit on a floor. I understand. At $300, they're all complaining that the chairs don't have arms. So the guarantee is less necessary. The higher up the effluency ladder you go, the longer you've had the relationship obviously with the client and the higher the price tag. Having said all that, the quick answer to your quick question is that no. Sometimes I've used them. Sometimes I haven't. Sometimes I've sold anti-guarantee with very strong language. If you need a guarantee, don't buy it. So it is situational to a degree. I used to, like on consulting days for many, many years, my standard verbiage. Now it's only if somebody asks, which is as rare as Hen's teeth. But my standard verbiage was you pay, whatever the fee was, and at the end of the day one of three things happens. One is we had a good day. You got value for one reason or another. We're not going to do anything together. We hug. Everybody's happy. Two is you had a good day. We figure out something that I should be doing for you in which case the fee for the day is fully credited towards the fee for the project. Or three, if you really think you wasted your time at the end of the day, I hand you your check back. I don't even bother saying it anymore, but I did for a long period of time. And probably over the years, two or three times handed a check back. And two or three times sent people home and gave them a check back to get rid of them. Well, I'm serious. I mean, I had four guys, I'll never forget these guys. These four guys, and they didn't come out of NSA. They came out of STD. These four guys own a sales training company. And they bug me, and so they get a day of consulting, and then they come. And by 10 o'clock in the morning, they actually confess that their entire problem in life is, is that none of the four of them can sell, wants to sell, or even likes to sell. And so they want to know how to get their program sold without them having to do any selling. And I suggested they all get jobs in car washes. I gave them their money back and, you know, paid for their airline tickets and sent them home. That hasn't happened in a long time either. But I do think at the lower levels, you not only do you need them, but you like to lean on the guarantee to make the sale, right? At the higher and higher places, if you have it, it's almost an, oh, by the way.