They've never in many cases had anybody say that to them before, you know, not for a long time. So, you know, I don't think you got a horrible problem. You know. I too have a quick question. This one is about costuming and how the costuming thing with the Joel Bauer suit and playing that game in Thompson Falls, Montana where the chamber has 27 members and it's a farming and logging community. It's exactly the point I made earlier is there's geographic, you know, there's geographic and cultural differences that have to be considered. Now, if you want a big thumb rule, the big thumb rule is you are better off being overdressed than underdressed for every environment that you are in. However, that implies cultural differences, right? So, for example, so if you go to a, oh, let's say a $1,000 plate political fundraising thing in Los Angeles, California, everybody's going to be dressed. And if the invitation indicated, formal or business attire, 9 out of 10 guys are going to be in Texas. If you go to the same $1,000 plate dinner with the same invitation in Cleveland, Ohio, 30%, I'm going to be in Texas. Everybody else is going to be in suits and some people are going to be in sport coat jackets and ties. So, there's geographic adjustments, right? And so you don't want to look so far out of where are you? Montana. Yeah, you don't want to look so far out of Montana that, you know, it's city slicker from the east or, you know, even arrogant moron or, yeah. But so, first of all, there is obvious value of clothing and shoes and symbols and so forth. There's a difference between what you buy at JCPenney and what you buy at, you know, Neiman's, even in casual clothes. So there's a quality difference that is apparent to people and will actually make a difference about how you feel, you know, internally. Then there's, so if they're coming to the meeting in, you know, jeans and flannel shirts and jackets, you may want to be in tackies and, you know, a Glaser Kennedy inner circle shirt and a nice sport coat. I mean, that may be as far as you want to go. I've been to Montana's senatorial receptions where half the people in the room were in jeans. Yeah. So, you want to be above it, but not so far above it that it is ridiculous. I also think you want to be consistent. So, you know, you want to sort of have your movie star uniform or three uniforms that, you know, are sort of consistent for you. I found some very interesting things about it, like as a speaker, I found that when I lived in Phoenix, and much was made of bull and Phoenix and all of that, even if I was speaking in New York, I wore street shoes instead of boots, people were disappointed. They expected the boots. I can tell you categorically on the platform, you sell more in a suit than you do in a, you know, in a sport coat shirt and tie. And you definitely sell more with tie than without. I mean, there's some profound generalities that cover ever, but then there's these cultural geographic differences. And I absolutely think it's reasonable to, you know, like Phoenix in July, nobody's wearing a tie. You know, I mean, there's not doing it. And hardly anybody's wearing a jacket. So now in many cases, you're going to something, no tie, no jacket, but boy, you better make sure now that the shirts are really good shirts. Okay. Thank you. No one else? Okay. Sort of an extension of that is I'm on page 38. For those of you keeping score. Again, viewing selling as well as the delivery of what it is that we do has performance art. Then control of environment, staging, timing, you know, all of these things become important. And in all businesses, hardly anybody thinks through these things much.