The second sort of sales training experience I had was fairly early and multi-level. And in the multi-level experience, our modus operandi, which you brought him to hotel meetings, pros put on the meeting. And so you would bring your guests. And at best you're going to have one couple or two couples. Well, all that was now choreographed and taught. So if I have two couples and we're going to sit there and the presentation's going to... Well, when the presentation's over, I got to close two couples simultaneously. And I got to get each of you to fill out forms and give me money and get a kit. Well, the most important choreography about all that is where you sit. You got to sit between the two couples so that without getting up, you can scoot your folding chair out at the end and scoot it around to face the two couples without ever getting up. Because if you don't get up, they don't get up. But if you get up, they get up and you lose control of them in a hot second, and you can't keep control of two couples. You may be able to keep control of one, but the other one wanders off. If you scoot your chair right and spin it out in front of them, they don't get up because you didn't get up. Well, you got to practice that. First of all, you got to know it, then you got to learn it, then you got to practice, then you got to teach it to the other people who are doing it. And we practice the proper handshake. There's a proper way to do a handshake and there's an improper way to do a handshake. And you get different results from different things. So all that was scripted, planned, strategized, taught, and it was extremely helpful. Hardly anybody thinks through their whole process this way. When I spoke to the Peter Loew events, I was always the last person on after the last famous guy. Or one. So the last famous person is Leaven. And then early on we introduced me and that took too much and too many people left. So then I would say I had been introduced earlier. So now there's just an offstage announcement that says, literally has George Buscher, his colon or whatever is walking off, there's an offstage announcement that says, and now here's Dan Kennedy and boop, there I am. Well, I quickly figured out there's a big difference between waiting until President Bush is down the steps in coming up. And coming up the steps before President Bush can get down the steps. A couple of reasons. One speed, the other is I'm seen with President Bush. And I get to shake hand, pat on shoulder, great job, and go past him out to do my thing. Well, that's a much different experience for the people who are standing up thinking about Leaven, etc. than the other way. Now the Secret Service, by the way, doesn't like it when you're doing it with the next president. But nevertheless, it's important. So you think all this through again, at a seminar, at a coaching meeting, at what works best for you. You don't do it by random if this is performance. You plan it, you script it, and again to use the word you choreograph it. Now again, hardly anybody thinks it's true. So if we go into a chain, I don't know, if we go into an optical store chain, or we go into our client now, Miracle Air, whatever, and we go into 10 stores today, everything's going to be different in all 10 of them. The way we're greeted is going to be different, how they handle us physically is going to be different, how they shake hands, don't shake hands, when they shake hands is going to be different. One's going to be using a metal clipboard, the other one's going to be using a leather folder, one's going to sit across from the person, somebody else is going to sit next to them. Well, see, all that should be, there's one way of doing that that's more effective than all of the other ways, and all that should be figured out. And in a multi-person or multi-unit business, it should be institutionalized. And, I mean, in the firearm business, I have a client in the firearm business, and when the firearm salesman arrives at your home, he walks in with the DVD thing now, he used to drag his big projector in, now he walks in with the DVD thing, and he walks in with the stuffed Dalmatian dog under his arm, which is the gift with appointment. There's an enormous difference in the sales results depending on what you do with that dog. I mean, how you give it to them, and if there are kids, you bring your closing average up enormously, if there are kids, if the salesperson takes the dog like this, drops down to one knee, introduces the dog to the kids, there's a script for it, right, and presents the dog to the kids. If you don't do that, if you like, plop the dog down on the floor, or you sit down at the dining room table before it affects numbers.