Okay, real quick, I wanna acknowledge that a lot of this stuff, you guys, it's hard to figure out in like a five minute period of time, okay? If it's not perfect, that's okay. It's just I want you guys thinking about this and writing stuff down, because that's like how it begins. Some of you guys are just gonna take a day, it might take a week, it might take a month, it might be on the flight home, but like, when the top of your head you're actually doing it, a lot of you guys have read the book before and you're like, cool, cool, I'll get back to that and you finish the book and then you're like, you never do it, right? So I'm starting it, like making sure you're starting it, and it becomes like in your mind, you start writing, that's when you actually write it down, you actually write it down on your brain and start thinking through it and start figuring things out, okay? A lot of it, like you put it out there, we talked about earlier, like the market will tell you if it's awesome. If nobody responds to your thing, it's like, wow, I guess they don't actually want that. Okay, let me change it. And you try something else and then you do it until you something respond, like people respond to something, you're like, okay, cool, that was what worked. In fact, that's a big reason why this whole like documentation stuff is so important, because you don't know what people are gonna actually respond to, right? Till you put it out there and then sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. When we started with Anthony, Biohacking Secrets, I was like, okay, I want you to do a Facebook Live every single day until you're rich and famous. And he's like, okay, what do I do? I'm like, on your Facebook page, and it's funny because it literally was him and his mom, or his mom and me were the only two fans on his Facebook page. He's like, you guys are the only ones to see it. I'm like, I know that's good for now, because we gotta feel this out. So I had him start doing it, and I was like, do the weirdest thing possible, like gear weird, biohacking, laser things, we have lights in your nose, your ears, your head, like do the weird, like the weirder the better. So he's doing all these weird things, he's putting them out there, and none of them were really hitting. Nothing like took off, it was kind of weird. And then one day I think he was lazy, or he's tired, or I don't know what it was. So he's like, I'm gonna do a video, because I made him do a Facebook Live every single day until I told him to stop, which he slowed down, and I never told him to stop. So anyway, that's worth another day. So one day though, he's like, I don't know, didn't want to do this. He's like, I'm gonna do one called How to Biohack Your Vegetables. So he's like, I'm gonna biohack my vegetables. They step one, you take organic grass-fed butter, you put it in the thing, then you throw vegetables in, then you cook it, then you eat them. I think it was so stupid, I was like, dude, you're not even trying. Like that's like the waste of a Facebook Live. And for some reason, that message people liked, and he had him getting like two and a half million views on that stupid video. But we didn't know, right? So half the time, we don't know, we think this is gonna hit and it doesn't hit, and it doesn't hit, but it's like the consistency of doing it is what Austin's like, my gosh, people responded to this. That was the message people heard that they responded to, do more of those kind of things. And so a lot of these things you can put in a campaign slogan, if nobody follows, no one votes for you. Like Hillary knows now, her slogan sucks, right? If she ever runs for president again in the future, she'll probably try something different, okay? If any of you have no one follows you, like, that wasn't a good idea. If nobody's inspired by a four-minute mile, like, okay, let me trade, let me figure something out. Like these things are, it's a fluid thing. It's not like you said it in stone, it's done forever. Like this is a fluid thing, and it grows, and people start, it becomes part of what you're doing, okay? So don't stress out, it's not perfect yet, not supposed to be. Okay, so last phase before lunch, when I cover. We talked about you developing yourself as a cares Macleodra. Number two, the future-based cause, building out your culture of people who will follow you to the ends of the earth and back. And the third one, this is probably the most important, yet least understood, is the presentation of a new opportunity, okay? If you look at every mass movement from the beginning of time, till now, the ones that were successful, they never offered people a way to become better, or smarter, or faster, or whatever, okay? They offered people a new opportunity, okay? So a new opportunity, some examples, like Steve Jobs, when he was the man, he's on stage, his lock, his turtleneck, he didn't come out, everybody's, hey, everybody, Apple's got a new thing. We got a CD player that has 500 songs to listen to. It's way better than the old CD players, right? No, he came out, he's like, this is a CD player, he threw it. He's like, this is the future, and he pulled out the iPod. Boom, 5,000 songs in your pocket, this is the new opportunity, he pulled it crazy. You say the thing with the phone, right? He's like, here's your cell phone, this isn't a better cell phone, threw it away, he said, this is a new opportunity. Boom, the iPhone, so your phone, your calculator, everything, right? Boom, movements were created, okay? You look at it from a religious standpoint, or cult, you look at all of them, right? Like, why do people follow Hitler? Why do people follow David Koresh, right? He offered them a new opportunity. Why do people follow Christ and Christianity? He offered a new opportunity, right? It's always the same, like, this is the key to getting a movement to start, okay? We're gonna go deep after lunch into offer creation, offer structure, like, the product and service you're selling, it's gotta be a new opportunity. If it's an improvement offer, it's gonna struggle, and you're gonna always struggle to sell it, okay? So here's what people know like improvement offers. First off, improvement's hard. If I'm gonna give you money, because you're gonna help me improve, I have to admit to you that I suck at the thing that I'm currently doing. If I'm trying to lose weight, and I'm gonna make it easier, I'm gonna help you lose weight, it's like, oh, like, it's hard, like, trying to get better is hard. So we as human beings have natural tendencies to, like, steer away from really hard things, right? Number two is that improvement plays off of people's ambitions. Like, you have to be ambitious to want to become better, right? Now, you're a weird group. Entrepreneurs typically, like, they want to improve themselves. They go into a lot of personal development, things like that, right? But the masses don't, okay? Everyone's got desire. They want to be better, but, like, the ambition to actually do it, like, is hard, okay? So it's hard for people, like, yes, I'm gonna give you money so I can go and do all these things, right? It's hard, okay? Another thing is, if you're trying to sell them improvement, like, it's memories of bad pasts, like, let's just use weight loss because it's easy. If I try, like, I'm gonna help you lose more weight. Every time I'm doing that, you're like, well, I tried this in the past, I tried this, I tried, like, it's all these things in the past, right? So I'm like, I'm gonna make it better, I'm gonna make an improvement. Like, it just, it brings up all the bad memories of the past, also improving, fighting against everybody else. There's just a whole bunch of reasons why improvement's hard, okay? Then the opposite side, that's new opportunities. That's why people love new opportunities. Number one is, like, it's a new thing. It's like, oh my gosh, the reason I haven't had success in the past is because of all these horrible things. Like, this is new, like, this is not a weight loss plan. This is, like, my future, right? Like, that's exciting. It's a new thing. All the, like, all the bad stuff in the past has happened when I've tried to, like, get this result are gone. There's no pain to disconnect. A couple other things. I'm gonna, so I'm gonna talk about it. So let me step back. Let's make it more simple. Okay, your customers coming to you right now, okay? They're right here in this current spot, and they have a result they're trying to get. So they're, like, they're right here, and they're like, I want to get over there. There's this big mountain. I want to be over there on this mountain, okay? So let me draw it right here. So they're currently right here, and they're currently in some vehicles. There's a little, I'm a horrible drawer. There's a car, right? And then over here is where they want to be at the top. Oops. Anyway, this is them all happy, okay? So for every business, this is different, okay? We use weight loss. So if they're weight loss, they're sitting here right here in this vehicle, and they want to lose weight. Like, they want this. They desire it. My guess is that most of your customers, when they come to you, it is not the first time they've tried to achieve the thing they're trying to get. They've been trying to lose weight for a long time. They tried this, they tried this. Kalin told me that the average American woman goes on eight diets a year. Eight. Okay, so if you think that you're the first person to be like, hey, kid, it's what? We're gonna help you lose weight. Like, you're not a new opportunity. Like, they've tried it a lot, okay? You're gonna help people make money, okay? They want to make money, and the result of here, and the vehicle that currently, maybe they're trying to make money in real estate, or maybe they're trying to make money in the stock markets, maybe they're trying to do it selling stuff on eBay or Shopify, or there's a million different vehicles that you could be going in, but they're all going for this one result, right? We know that, okay? I could go through every single business right now. So if you guys think through this for a second, okay? What is the result that your dream customer's trying to get? Like, what is that thing on the mountain they're trying to go towards? Okay, that's the first question. And the second question is, what is the current vehicle that they're in trying to get that? Okay, the key to figuring out the new opportunity is understanding where they're currently at. Okay? Try that out and it'll hurt for the results. The people, my people, I know that they want to grow a company, or they want to make money, okay? What's the vehicle they're currently in? They could be in real estate. They could be in stocks. They could be on Amazon, selling stuff on Amazon. They're in one of these vehicles, right? Okay, so your job as a movement creator and a movement maker is not to come to these people and be like, oh, cool, you're in Amazon? Sweet, I can get you there faster. Er, there's an ER. ER's equal improvement. So don't do ER's. I'm going to get there faster or better, okay? Because I'm like, oh, I'm already doing this thing. I got this thing. I'm like, oh, I can help you do it faster. I get so many people pitch me consulting. I'm like, oh, yeah, I can help you do that better. I'm like, okay, everyone says that. Like, that's not exciting, right? I want some of them to come and be like, look, I want them to come to me and say, this vehicle that you're currently in, you're in this vehicle trying to get there. This vehicle sucks. You have to get out of this vehicle and come with me in this vehicle, and we need to get there really fast. That's the key, okay? So for me to figure out what my new opportunity is that I'm giving them, I have to identify what is it they're trying to get and what are they currently doing to get that thing? Okay, what's the current vehicle they're in? And then I got to come to them and say, look, that vehicle sucks. You're trying to lose weight through the Atkins diet? The Atkins diet sucks. Come over here. We're going to put you in this thing called ketosis. It's awesome. It's way better. I don't know what that is. It's a new opportunity. I don't have any pain or disconnect. They're right. That was horrible. I don't think any personal responsibility. Yeah, it was the diet's fault, not my fault. If I'm in here and you're telling me I'm making it better, I take personal responsibility for all my failures. It didn't work because I didn't work hard enough. I had ice cream last night. All these things, right? It's like all this compounding effect on them that makes it really, really hard. They're just like, I can't do this. It's really hard, right? And they take all the personal responsibility and then if people are taking personal responsibility for their failures, they're not going to give you money. You have to come back and be like, look, it's the vehicle's fault. Get out of the vehicle. Get in this vehicle. Now it's like it's easy. It's like, wow, that does sound way better. I'm going to do that instead. They can pit off all those things, right? That's the new opportunity. So if you didn't realize what your new opportunity is, you got to know what's the result they're trying to get. There's a current vehicle there and then what's the vehicle you're trying to get them into? Yeah. So is your new opportunity, the funnels or the funnel back of the loop? My new opportunity is the concept of people using funnels. That's my new opportunity, right? So people are growing companies a lot of different ways. They're growing them through enter capitalists. They're growing them through putting stuff on Amazon. They're growing their code. All these different things, right? I'm saying, no, no, no, that's horrible. Like, ugh, that's like, no. The way if you'd be successful is you got to get out of that vehicle and come over here into this new opportunity, which is funnels, right? We're expert seekers, right? Expert seekers. Like, I'm trying to get people to be able to have their own business. So I'm coming to everyone saying, OK, how are you making, like, they're trying to make money right now, right? So expert seekers for me is an offer I was trying to build that I'm creating for the masses, right? So I can go to anybody and be like, you're trying to make money. How are you doing right now? I got a job. How's that working for you? It sucks. OK, cool. That vehicle, your job sucks. Come on out. This is a new vehicle where you can actually share your ideas and we're going to get you money, right? Or like over here, like, how are you going to make money right now? Well, good luck with that. Or if you want, there's a really cool vehicle. Come over here. It's called expert seekers. You can take your information and turn it into product, right? So I got to identify what that is so I know how to get them out of it. Does that make sense? OK. That is the magic. When you understand the new opportunity, like, that's what you're presenting people, that's the key. OK? You can do it in, yeah, if your business is struggling, if you haven't gotten, like, $0 to $1 million fast, like we talked about the what and the how. A lot of times it's because the what you're selling is improvement. That's what they don't want. OK? When you change the what to a new opportunity and then you sell it the right way, that's when things explode overnight, really, really fast. OK? It is like the key to this whole thing. OK? Now, a couple things I want to stress about this. This is like a super powerful concept. If you do it wrong, it'll actually destroy your business. OK? So let me explain. When I was stuck at $3 million a year for like six years of my life, this is what I was doing. I would come to people and I said, hey, how many guys have been on my list for more than like 10 years? Oh, sorry, yes, press. OK. So this is Russell learning through the process. So I would introduce new opportunity people. Like, for example, one of them is this concept we had called microcontinuity back then. I was like, hey, everybody guess what? I got this new opportunity. It's called microcontinuity. It's the greatest thing in the world. Blah, blah, blah, blah. We sold a crap ton of these things. We got millions of dollars of cash came. People follow me to this new opportunity. They're all excited. And then guess what happened to Russell? He got bored. I'm like, hey, what's the next thing? I came out the next thing and I'm like, hey, everyone guess what I got this new opportunity? It's called 12 Millionaire Soul Awesome. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I was thinking, everybody's like, everybody here, like, but if I said that microcontinuity was awesome, I get in, but come over here. This is even better. And they came over here and they're like, OK, cool. And they came over this new opportunity and then like, I got bored. I'm like, OK, what's the next thing? What's the next thing? And I figure out this new opportunity and I'm like, hey, everyone, here's the new opportunity. And about two or three times, these guys are like, I don't think I can trust Russell. He tells me everything is the greatest thing in the world. And my list started dying, my business started imploding. But that was my business. That's what most marketers do is like going from thing to thing to thing to thing to thing. You have to understand that every business should only have one, the two-way switch and an opportunity stack. Every business should only have one opportunity switch and no more than one. That's when switching them from this vehicle out into this vehicle. You only do that once. Now they're in this vehicle. You tell them this vehicle sucks, look at this new one. But you sold me that car. Yeah, it sucks. You should get the next car. And a couple of them will follow you, but everyone's like, but I just paid you for this car. OK, I'll get in the next one. If you use car salesmen, that's what you're doing selling cars like that. How many times are they going to buy from you? Not very often. That's what we're doing. We're giving our customers schizophrenia. So you convince someone, you get them to switch once from this vehicle to the next one so every business should only have one. But then you're like, Russell, how do I do monetization phones? How do I sell other things? How do I do all the other cool stuff? I know how to do. That's when we then switch. The next thing is called an opportunity stack. So I'm switching people from whatever thing you're doing. My job is to show you funnels. Funnels are the new opportunity for me. This is the new opportunity. Now I'm looking like, how can I provide value to these people? Well, you're in this vehicle. You believe in funnels. You're using click funnels. You've switched to my opportunity. So that's good. Now my question is, how can I provide more value to these people? This is where your next product and service is coming in place. I'm like, hey, well, you've got click funnels. How can I make this process better? Like, oh, well, if you have funnels, the next opportunity for you is you need to copy for your funnels. We have this really cool thing called funnel scripts. I didn't take them out of this vehicle. They're like, right, this vehicle is awesome. But wow, that makes it even better. Like that makes, I saw them say better. I shouldn't say it. Like this makes it, this is an enhancement. So I stack on funnel scripts. And I stack on like, hey, your funnels are great, but you need traffic to make your funnels better. If you guys have noticed over the last three years, everyone in my products has a word funnel in it. It's weird, like, because I'm not trying to get them out of this opportunity. Okay. Even when we launched a software course, it's called software funnels, because that's like, I have to keep them like funnels or my opportunity. But if you don't have a product yet, then you software is one of the greatest products you can create. So it's an opportunity stack within my existing thing. And people who don't have a product yet or want something else, like, like I positioned that entire webinar a lot of two weeks ago as an opportunity stack, like here's this really cool thing that you can do inside your funnels to sell software as well. Okay. And everything goes from there. Yeah, Morgan. By the way, how are you doing? Haven't seen you forever. Awesome. You too. What do you think the current vehicle they're in is good? But maybe... It sucks. Well, how do you, like, what if you, like, for example, us, you know, marriage therapy, right? Well, people have a bad taste of marriage therapy because they don't feel like it helps. But then, like, if we do that in a better way, but, you know, we don't want to sell better, then you... can you somehow, like, create a package that becomes on the animal that then it might include some of that, but it's also, like, the program and then make that an opportunity? Yes. So a couple things. Yes, we're... Stephen talked about creating an offer. Yes, you can include things. At the same time, like, you've got to be convinced that this other opportunity sucks for them. Oh, as why are you even doing this whole thing, right? Like, I am convinced. Like, it's not like, oh, like, I like funnels, so I think I'm going to tell people, like, this is a good idea. Like, I am convinced. I am convinced. I am convinced. And I have so much conviction. Like, it's crazy. On our webinars, we close. Pretty consistent about 15% of all the people on the webinars. And when it's done and we do a webinar and we make a million bucks, I get so upset that the other 85% of people didn't buy. I'm like, you guys freaking moron. It's like, I have... Like, I've given my heart and my soul, because I know this will save you from the thing you're trying to do, and I get so mad about it, because it's like, other people, I couldn't get them to, like, take the jump. Like, you have to have that level of passion and all this, you can be like, oh, yeah, it's good. You can do your counseling. It's good. We got something that's better. Yeah, I think you need to make a bigger divide. Like, traditional counseling sucks. You get to come up and say the word sucks, because you're like, you're like, oh, it's OK. It's good. No, it sucks. It's horrible. It's terrible. The whole industry is nightmare, right? Because you have to feel that way. If you're going to convince somebody to get out of your car and get into your vehicle, you've got to have enough conviction. That's not going to be like, and I know you want to know, you believe that your way is lifetimes better, right? That you can actually save them from all these problems and stuff, right? So if you believe that, you've got to be OK saying that, you've got to be the mean kid of the playground. Your toy sucks. Because otherwise, you're not going to get it. If you're nice, like, oh, yeah, it's good. You can do that. Just good luck. But ours is better. It's like, no, ours is different. You're going to go to a counselor and you're going to do this thing. How many of those counts? It doesn't work. You have to get out. This is the new thing. That's the conviction you have to have. Or else people are going to be like, oh, you know. Yeah, it's fine. I did it. This is probably inappropriate. Is it inappropriate? Anyway, sorry if I did it. So I did a podcast about this a little while ago. I was a wrestler growing up. So my whole life, it's like, here's where I'm at. And I look at people better than me. And I would look at, here's the person I need to beat next. And then I would watch films and everything. My whole life was obsessed with beating this person. And so I'd beat the crap out of that person. And then it's like, hey, where's the next person? That was my whole life for 15 years of my life, right? Like, I'm in a business. And I assume that's how business was. I'm looking at coming competitors. I'm like, Lee Page, you're dead. And I'm doing everything to destroy them. Because I believe they're screwing people out of happiness in life. And that's how I believe so strongly. And I'm going in here fighting. And what's interesting is I realized that I was the athlete in the playground who was always picking on my mentality. But in business, there's people, all sorts of mentalities. In my podcast, I was joking. Some people I could never compete in sports. And they come in, and maybe they were awesome in band, and they played together as a team really well. And they're coming into competition. I get a lot of flak from some of my competitors. Just like, why are you being so mean to us? I'm like, because you're my competitor. I'm trying to save my people from you. Like, I got the CEO of Infusionsoft, $180 million company calling me, trying to set up a meeting with me, because he's upset that I'm being so mean about his people. I'm like, dude, I think that your software is hurrying entrepreneurs and their ability to save other people's lives. I'm sorry. You're my person I'm going after. But soon we're going to beat you. And then I'll go to the next person. It'll be fine. But I have to. It's like, I watched Batman. I guess I watched The Dark Knight, the favorite movie of all time. I watched it again on the flight the other day. It's so great. But when Batman asked Joker, he's like, why are you trying to kill me? And Joker starts laughing. I'm not trying to kill you. He's like, I wouldn't without you. I can't be me. Like, I need you, right? And so those people are doing good things in counseling. You know, look, it's good that they're doing that, because they're giving you the opposite. That's what causes the thing that gets people out of this. Otherwise, they're going to be like, oh, it's good. I'll just keep paying. Hopefully in five or six years our marriage will be saved. And it's like, no, you're screwed, right? Yeah. Get them out of that vehicle. That's how much you got to believe it. Do you believe it? Good. I was talking to her. I'm talking to all of you guys. How many of you feel that passionate about what you do? If you don't, it's time to crank up that heat. Because if you're saying, oh, no, that's good. You're not going to be successful. You got to have the device of, look, I can't tell you how much I believe that. We're almost done with infusion software. We're going after Shopify next. I think that they are hurting entrepreneurs. I don't think that, anyway, I honestly believe that we have the best. And so I want to win, because I want to serve more people. That's my level of commitment and belief. And that's why we're running so fast and we're regressive. I think all of us need to have that. Because if you're going out there and I wasn't in the band, my kids are on the band now, so I can't tease them too much. They're all playing as a team, and it's good in the right place. But business is like, you're fighting over customers. This is a competition. This is a sporting event. And most people you're competing against, don't look at it that way. They're out there in the band having fun, trying to, and saying, OK, I understand that. And we have good partnerships with people. But at the same time, it's like, if you really believe what you do, you need to get them and rip them out of the car and shove them into your seats so they can experience what you have to offer. That's how I feel. Or you can do nicer, but you shouldn't. Yeah. OK, I'm struggling with this. So I know my Midwest statement is I teach real estate investors how to buy houses virtually, build houses in virtual markets where they don't live. So the new opportunity is virtual real estate investors. Teach a guy, you had to buy a bunch of $50,000 houses in Tennessee that were in for 900 bucks a month. You didn't know you could do that. Maybe it has to be delivered to expensive. So the vehicle I'm in currently to do that is what? Well, that's where I think I'm not aligned here. Because I'm currently talking to a lot of just current real estate investors who are doing fix and flips. They're buying rental properties. And I'm kind of like her. I don't have as much of a problem with that as I do. Maybe other avenues of financial freedom like stocks or something like that. So I know that you can build multiple funnels with different. You don't just pick one old vehicle to go after. You do. So you pick one, yeah. I mean, eventually, after making a million bucks for that funnel, you can go and pick another market. But you got to do one first, right? So the question for you is a good question. Am I going after existing real estate investors? And if so, then I've been pitched on this before. So the pitch is basically like, if you're buying your own backyard type thing versus the other thing, right? So it's like, you're buying real estate in your own backyard. So that's when the toilet breaks. You drive over, don't you? How does that feel? Do you like plumbing toilets? That sucks. This vehicle sucks. Nice about mine. All my investments are like $5,000. Even if I wanted to, I can't fix any toilets. Like, get on a vehicle. Over here, you're protected from all the craziness and something like that. Or if it's the stock, then you're picking the stock as the vehicle. And you're like, look, this is for your money. This is the stupid. This is why it's crazy. And you make fun of that. And then you're like, get out of here. This is the vehicle instead. Yeah. So if I'm doing, yeah, that's two completely different webinars, students, and audience, students, and everything. So I'd pick one for sure and then go deep there. Yeah. I'm a real estate investor, but I'm in a really small rural area. I have a lot of trouble finding deals. So I'm actually starting to try to do what you're saying. Like, that's because the new opportunity for me was, I place my deals. I've got to do that. That sounds better. I can just look at these tourist traps and buy houses. So I mean, that's what you're doing. Yeah, I've been doing it wrong. Because the customers will come in, and they want to just invest in their own backyard, and even do types of investing that have nothing to do with creating financial freedom, like just building massive living businesses. And I'm like, all right, I need money. I'll coach you. My message is, wish you watched this idea now. Yeah, cool. Yeah. And I'd rather anybody love to connect with them in a very similar market. And one other really good hook there, too, is basically, like, can you imagine if you're investing in businesses and you can only invest in businesses in your city, the limitation that you have there. You don't have the best opportunity. So that's part of it, too, is using that comparison. Hey, would you only invest in stocks in Detroit if you live in Detroit? No, because the best opportunity to make you a career is that. We're going to start to paint that picture. So let's connect with them. Sure. We got a little over 3,000 in the city investors. We were working with them. Yeah, thanks, Matt. OK, another question. So I'm a headhunter by trade. So I teach recruiters how to create their own independent center figure, headhunter in practice. It's just revenue and years, right? So one of my messages I could delete, because for me, it's about, OK, I can show executive recruiter how to do solo, which why my webinar is Han Solo themed. And then from there, automate the practices. And from there, it's a scale of seven figures. And so what I've found is that people that I've been coming to webinars, and some of them don't want to go solo, but they want to automate. Some of them want to do scale of virtual teams. And so I'm almost wondering if, really, my opportunity to switch or switch to be just to go solo, is really just hammer that. And from there, stack or advance. Because I'm wondering if this whole thing I'm trying to sell right now is so diluted, because again, I'm getting some people that are like, hey, yeah, I want to automate. I don't want to automate. I want to do virtual teams. I don't want to do solo. I don't want to automate. So I've got to work on a vast of my issues that I have right now. It's just too much. Good. Yeah, so first off, yes. I would focus on the switch initially. And you have the other stacks. And what's interesting is, in my mind, at least, I'm taking someone from this vehicle, plugging me to this one, and I'm taking them on. Here's the other things that are going to make this even better, right? But what's weird to me is there's still people somehow, in my community, after three years, I mean, you scream me up the top of my lungs every day, as loud as I can, that don't have click funnels. But they still buy fill-your-funnels. And they still buy all these other things. We had a certification program. They pan-ground to get certified. And the last time we did, we came here, like four of them didn't have a click funnels account, for crying out loud in the night. So people will come in for what they actually want. But for me, I'm thinking about customer journey. And then people will plug in to different parts along it that make sense to them. Some people, for some reason, love unbounce. They're going to stick with unbounce. But man, they want to learn how to drive traffic the way I do. I have all those. But usually, my front end, where I'm spending my ad dollars on, is typically the switch. So this is my acquisition funnels. And these are all my monetization funnels for my existing audiences. But people will plug in in just different spots, as well. At that million dollars, do you change your switch? I know you set up one switch per company. But you had .com, see, and you had the web class, the $17,000 a day. So those were not so much. Yeah, so that comes down to front ends, right? So it's like, click phones are still like where I'm taking people, right? But yeah, for me, I was trying to go up to different markets. So I'm creating different switches to grab people market to pull back on my main thing. So it's almost like a, anyway, that's funnel hacking 201. We'll get into that later. So is your vehicle a click funnel? Click phone in my vehicle, yeah. But so my big thing is like, initially, if I'm going to the masses, this is going to be an infomercial and things like that, I needed something colder traffic. So I needed an initial switch to get them to know what business is, right? So yeah, good question. OK, so what we're going to do, cool, perfect time. So whatever it is, I want you to spend some time right now. And I want you to write these things down. So first off is like, what is, actually probably makes more sense to start number two. Right here, what is the result that they are seeking to try to get? Like your dream customer that you want to bring to, what is it they actually want? They don't want your product. Everyone thinks, oh, they want my product. No, nobody cares about your product. They want a result. So what's the result that they are trying to get? Then what's the old vehicle that they're currently in trying to get that result? And what's the new vehicle that you are giving to them? I want you to do that. Now at the top here, it says switch or stack. I did that because some of you guys, like you're here because this is the first webinar you're doing and you're creating a switch webinar. Some of you guys have been here before and you're creating the second thing, which is a stack. So some of the things I do is going to be different. So if you're like, I'm going to switch, like circle that one. If you're like, I'm doing a stack webinar. So for example, Funnel Hacks was a switch webinar. Software Secrets was a stack webinar for me. So just circle which one it is for you. Doesn't really matter. They work both ways. But just so you know, and then figure out again, what's the result our customers are seeking, not the product. What's the result they want? What's the old vehicle that they're trying to use to get that result? And what's the new vehicle that I'm putting them into? Just take three or four minutes, write that down.