Okay, so this question is what what what's the the best technology or the best strategy that we've used to get people to call us Create that inbound call The the best systems that we've used. I'm not saying that the best systems out there because I mean Maybe the cost for opportunity haven't attacked that yet, but we're doing something using a system called Pat live Okay, and it's what that system does is Pat live and they offer all types of different services The service that we use is we send our box out and it says before you open call this number to receive a gift or something That's vital in this case when I'm talking about right now We use what we call an action checklist and what that checklist is is it's your checklist of actions You take to launch a business. Okay, it's actually really really cool list. It's just Just cuz rust kind of took all the information and compiled together if you don't have that you guys need to get that It's free and it's worth having but But when they do they call in and I have a voicemail I don't know whose voice it is now it used to be mine I kind of give a little sales pitch on what it is what the action checklist is and oh and I just back up They're also calling to get their 30 minute strategy session. Okay, not coaching session strategy session with a strategist Tread just okay Because if you give a coaching session Then all they want is free free free free free free free, but remember we're trying to find the best 10 people Not the hundred curious people trying to find the 10 serious people separate the cures from the serious Okay, and that strategy session is for us to strategize with what we offer based on their business Okay, and really all it is is get you know take them through the process So Pat live is something that we've used you can use your own in-balance system You know the reason why you do Pat live is it emails you the voicemail and it types out their voicemail You know that I like that technology for for how we're set up, but a smaller organization You might just want to use your own system But yeah creating when you ship that physical product out or at any time you do an offer You know a bonus number three or bonus number five whatever bonus you want is a strategy session. Okay, where's you? You're not gonna get a lot of people calling you can get those people But the point is when you call them you're a welcome guest rather than a bugging pest Does that make sense? I mean I have all the yeah, you're not the telemarketer You're the consultant. Okay. I mean they're just different names. I mean different different feelings with them I've called a lot of people where who? Dot-com hold on real quick and like you hear TV going down, you know guys guys Get the kids, you know because to them the strategy sessions kind of what they what they're looking forward to that It's very important to them and those are always fun because I can give them a ton of value over the phone and then offer them something that they They they see it they totally understand They're enlightened on the holy cow. This is exactly what I need so they're fun So when you can create that type of lead works very well Okay, and then the last thing is let them apply and it's kind of like what you're getting at right now Let them apply for it. So if I can create that system once again with my front-end marketing where they apply To pay me money or the me asking them to pay me money. It works better Okay So those are a couple things for you guys and you guys you're writing down now or if you want to write them down on your own You know letting them bump let them apply just I put a little bars there for notes It looks like for you to figure it out We do different things like an application base. I'm going to talk about that here in a minute We'll do application based survey based We'll do that kind of stuff a lot just like a mastermind setting like I mean how long was your page rust to fill out for Kennedy's stuff or your packet So you know who you're bringing in you know, so you're bringing make sure you bring qualified people in and How we do on our partnership thing because we'll get some people that will pay the $12,000 to come to partnership But then we get them here. It's like huh You know like wow this is gonna be a lot of work And then it kind of cheats the rest of the group so We kind of tried to do an application based on that. Okay, that was just measured improves. Okay, how to hold them accountable How to measure a report? Make them compete against one another and push them further every time that's another thing that back in stuff does if you make a competition out of it So if you guys have your you know your your new year Bubba blah blah blah blah And that whole that whole program is a back-end system for a thousand dollars I come in to pay and I compete against everyone else to pay the thousand dollars and make a competition out of it That's a great way to do the back-end program because you have Social proof right because everyone else is doing it and everyone else can talk and and talk smack and that's always fun Anytime you can get your audience you're heard to talk snack to each other you're winning so Application only opportunity kind of what you asked about allows them to qualify themselves Okay, everyone wants to be sold nobody wants to be had Okay, I'm gonna have here the clock story. I'm gonna tell this just a little bit This is part of the story is true and part of this is just for the sake of the Concept the parable of it. Okay So I'm sitting on a flight and I have my little a sky mall magazine there and I'm looking at it And we just moved into this new home I'm looking at there's just grandfather clock. I don't know why but I like grandfather clocks I think when you're walking to home with a nice like cool grandfather clock It makes you even though you're a young guy. It's like yeah, I'm wise But I kind of wanted a grandfather clock in a certain corner I see this clock in this magazine and it's just it's it's the one right has my name all over it And the price of it was like 1200 bucks. Okay, so it's an expensive clock Well, I'm that guy that rips things out of sky mall magazine. I rip that out Have it my pocket and I'm walking around me my my wife at the mall or the Bombay house Okay, you guys know what the Bombay house is. Okay, and guess what's there in the front window? my clock My clock 700 bucks This is it, but I don't have you know, I don't want to spend that much though, but that's it's tempting But me being the guy that I am I'm like hmm, but 700 Sounds like it's probably closer to 1200, you know, I wonder if I can get it down like 500 So I go in and using my Jedi mind tricks I go in and I say hey, so Hi, I really want this clock. I'll take it home today But my budget my wife was going to let me spend 500 bucks my wife's over there. I don't know what you know, she's She doesn't want it all but I'm making her the bad guy, you know, it's her. She's she's the car lot manager, right? and and I Go on you know, I have 500 bucks. Oh, that's fine. Let's do it Okay, so I did the clock I take it home I set it up and it starts chime in at night and show all my friends I'm so excited about it and a week goes by and I look when I hear and chime in I'm like The piece of crap What made Taiwan like what cost 200 bucks to make this thing and ship it here after it's all said and done like Shafted okay, and I want to take it back because such I got a great deal on it. There's no refund policy, right and I'm pretty miserable with my clock now. It's no longer that great. Okay. Now. What happened. Why did all that happen? Okay, all that happened because you know, and I'm thinking to myself shoot 500 I bet I would have said 300 and she would have gave it to me, you know, just wanted off the shelf I'm sucker. I got this stupid thing. Okay, it's because I think it's sold. Okay, how do I spend? You know, you know everyone wants to get a deal right and there's nothing wrong with that That's what selling is is getting a deal But how do I bought that thing for you know, maybe if I maybe it was originally 1200 bucks and I got for the 800 bucks You know, I got a deal and I got what I want and I'm What I purchased that product is always going to make me happy It's always gonna be fulfilling But since it's not I look at that clock and I hear that chime and I just reminded how I got taken Okay, and so you got to understand that it's got to be a sales process Anytime you provide something for someone people have got to sell themselves on it They have to have you know those emotional reasons to buy those logical reasons to buy they got a match and they got I've they got to have it's got to be a good thing. So a lot of people look at cells and they think you know, I Got this internet stuff. So I don't have to sell. That's just stupid. You got a cell. Okay, so Next bullet point ask them why they should consider white why you should why they should be considered for the program Okay, let them sell themselves very important You know, hey, I'm only gonna let ten people into this group You know, I have 500 people applying what makes you different than the other 490 You know what strengths or attributes do you have that you're gonna bring to the group or that you're gonna bring into this program? If you guys are doing a year-end coaching program or a year and back in program Why why should they be allowed in and let them sell themselves? Okay, because they're gonna say all these things and I get the same thing all the time You know, I always ask what was your mother say about you? I'm a hard worker and all these things and then they're gonna be congruent with what they said and they're going to be a great student And they're gonna get more value out of it. You have to be able to sell it. Okay next thing let them know Why you don't take everyone you got to set the rules. Okay. You got to set the rules We'll skip over this I think the most important Important bullet point it out is kiss keep everything simple the back end system. Just keep everything simple Okay fulfillment tools Tom it asks this a little bit, you know, okay, not what is my Do I need to write down how I'm fulfilling on my back end program or what my back end program is going to be? We're gonna talk now about how what tools do we have to fulfill? I'll tell you kinko's used a nice printing job. Look how yellow that is. It's looking good. Okay Tell seminars. Okay. Tell seminars are a great way to deliver your back-end coaching program Okay, anyone here been through Alex's and O'Janes tell some of our secrets course Okay, that's just awesome. Like if you think about like the the the What's the word I want to say here, but it's a tele-seminar that you pay for a back-end coaching program learning about tele-seminars And it's being fulfilled through tele-seminars It's just awesome. Okay, so Tele-seminars by now everyone should have been on You know if you've been in this industry for a while looking at this industry You've got to have used tele-seminars you can spit on one or whatever. Okay, you can obviously use tell seminars to sell it I mean Alex sold tell some of our secrets by using a tell seminar and sold it so How can you guys use it so if you can do group coaching and put everyone on everyone pays a grand or everyone pays 500 bucks or whatever it is Everyone pays that and then you do an eight module tell seminar Course with them going through the content where they can ask you the questions Okay, because they're gonna pay more because you're gonna have a more intimate relationship with the guru Because now it's them you can ask them questions and it's live and it's real and it's not just the home study course Or the audios of that tell seminar so you can always get more money for it webinars Okay, another great tool to use for fulfillment is webinars Can just kind of blown through the stuff You know you guys this group should know this stuff and and be aware of it But if you want to write down how you'll use webinars go ahead and jot it down workshops and boot camps Okay, I really love the workshop and boot camp model model and as long as you guys are doing the stuff that Mason taught you to do You'll always be able to do this stuff I'm gonna tell you about as long as you have the list and as long as you're getting traffic you have access to traffic or access to a access to a list You'll always be able to find out Willies work for you. Okay. I think the very first workshop that we ever did as dot-com secrets when I was around Was a Russ had? Did you get kicked out of the mastermind is that what happened? Can I tell that from what I understand of it? I'll tell it because I can make fun of you So sign up for a mastermind program. Did you get your money back or? I paid for the first month Okay, so you paid for the first month got kicked out of it K of a mastermind and it was Matt Furry's mastermind group and I don't know what he pulled out of it Altogether, but I know one thing he pulled out of it that was awesome and that is just do a workshop And we got that it's like seriously like two days after you got back from it or was on it or Yeah That morning you heard about it Okay, so next morning so that night he hears about it Here's the concept that morning he comes into me and BJ. We talked about a little bit and I Guess so many funny things to tell about Russ, but I didn't really know who the guy was yeah I've been there for like two months and Just kind of just doing the stuff he told me to do and he's like hey We're gonna do this tell seminar to the list and we're going to sell our 55,000 dollar workshop, okay, and What's that? sorry, $5,500 workshop and What we did is we got on a tell seminar line and recorded ourselves no one was live it was just us four on the call and Russ just explained the content that's going to be said or what's going to be taught through the workshop This is like seriously like primitive like easy easy you guys can do this. This is Bare bones easy just explained on it on a record line what we're gonna do and had a couple of us give some social proof You know I just said hey, you know I'm Gary I've been working here for so since such time this guy's really motivated to teach this information This is what the information is just what you're going to learn blah blah blah blah and then he emailed it out to his list Okay, and how many did we get buying that day or that morning? Yeah, and then we just did our very first workshop and if you guys look at the first dot-com secrets home study course that we Ever did was that workshop And so it's just so simple guys as long as you have the material to teach As long as you have a format to teach it in and you have your okay to do it You're okay with failure you're okay if it so what if it doesn't go good so what if it doesn't it's not a huge Smashing success who cares as long as you have the courage to go out and try it It'd be shocked be shocked what can happen? So he just generated that income just like that and then you got kicked out of the mastermind So it's probably the only person that entire mastermind that did anything You know So it's all about taking action right okay, how we use one-on-one Okay, a couple you guys are doing one-on-one coaching on who would consider doing one-on-one coaching who feels like that they're okay with it Okay, most of you guys a lot of people like no ain't gonna happen. I'm not gonna do it. Don't want to do it and that's fine So if you're using one-on-one is a great way to fulfill we do a lot of one-on-one It's it's very very very important that they're getting the most one-on-one You know detailed the you know they feel like they're the squeaky will and we're always gonna provide that grease for him As long as you can give that they're gonna be very happy Okay, and then last one is just you and the them so just you and the guru okay Who would charge ten thousand dollars to go shopping? Has anyone hang out with you for a day? I would too I would do it I would do it and if they wanted a refund that's fine. They just have to pay for the pants Okay, yeah, so They're close to the same but usually like one-on-one So let's just take the people that are willing to do one-on-one coaching that is just them and the guru Okay, but what's gonna happen is pretty soon Tom is going to have to realize he has to hire coaches Because he's losing more money than what he's making because he has such a demand and until he gets five coaches underneath him and now They are the separation between them and the audience now He can make himself look even more exclusive even more the celebrity and now he can charge even more money The further you get away from your audience the more you can charge and the more they come towards you Okay, and that's the psychology. That's the theory and so Once they've gone through the coaching program and they've worked with you know his coaches and they've got results Now he can come and offer his even higher coaching program with just him the expert the guy that mastered the whole thing, you know So except the examples of that where that the guy's fighting aliens. We talked about Frank Kern talked about Someone else that hang out with another marketer that's went about a pair of pants. We talked about Who's the palm reader who us how much is that I want to go get my palm read Okay Okay, but that's important to some people guys I mean we go a lot of us might just scratch her head and think what the heck but that's to them That's important and did you are talked about congregations and shooting fish out of a barrel? Okay, Russ. I don't know if it's a lesson presentation, but everyone everyone hangs out online in congregations, right? Everyone does if I'm a sports fanatic I hang out here if I'm UFO fanatic I hang out here if I'm so you know so at that point your marketing Okay, your pipeline it's just fishing shooting fish out of a barrel But one thing about that is if you after you shoot all those fish and scoop out the barrel You're gonna find like money caked at the bottom of that barrel. They ain't gonna leave unless you pull it out I mean, there's just people that are like I want more I want more I want more and You know so what what process does someone go through to say I? Want a free ebook? I'll exchange my name and email address for a free ebook on palm reading I don't know anything about it. Okay, you know what this was so fascinating I'm going to pull out my credit card and risk two dollars For more information or an audio on palm reading. Okay, you know what? This is fasting. This has changed my life. I'll pay 300 dollars now to get the whole scoop You know what I would love to talk one-on-one with someone that works with that expert and they can deliver the information that expert can deliver You know what? I? Would love to meet that expert and I will pay this much money To meet that expert and to work with them. Okay, and I think the whole thing is I don't think about this But I think they read your palm and then they give you like a life coaching program along what your what the readings are I mean, so I'm not judging. I don't even know anything about it, but I just know that it's definitely a marketing system You know it's definitely the marketing system Okay, so sales tools We're going to skip over these a little bit and then we're going to start talking about you guys's own stuff This is very important guys if anyone has nothing this group does some groups do If you want to has kind of six or nose in the air about cells and they think that cells isn't you know relevant Or I don't want to I just I think you're mistaken. I think that you got to understand what your audience Wants and how they want it to be sold to them because everyone wants You know I want I want to be sold I don't want to buy anything that That is not sold to me where I feel like you know my mind says no it has this this and this and this right because we all We all buy it based off of emotion, but we justify with logic Okay, I went out and bought new Mercedes. I Promise you guys it's only because I needed an engine in case someone was coming at me I need to speed up and it's only because I needed I only needed that that technology of no slip No, you know the rules of slip the rules of grips. That's the only reason I've ever buy a Mercedes no other reason You know bull that's why I tell my neighbors Right to justify why I would buy I don't I don't receive it But that's why I tell my neighbors, but really it buy 100% off emotion. Okay, so I kind of have I kind of have here a funnel of gears in it If you guys will look Basic funnel, but let's just say we start with email follow-up and we go to direct mail Then we go to tele seminars seminars and then we go to voice broadcasting. This is back I did this back before voice broadcasting was outlawed. It's no longer Can't really do that anymore and you do a seminars and then to your back end and then your super back end Okay, so these are just all gears. These are all tools sells tools They're pushing everyone down the funnel, you know separate the curious from the serious. That's what it's all about A voice broadcast is like, you know, they're so fun Wait probably, you know Hi Mike this or no, we say how say how Mike you'd like hi This is so and so from direct TV and da da da da for a limited time offer and you know, it's a canned voicemail Those are voice broadcasts that corporate America down how they figured out and that's why they're outlawed I mean robo calls remember the elections everyone hated robo calls Okay, what it should have been was because you have two settings You have a setting that if they pick up you have a setting that if their voicemail picks up Okay, and I think the newer technologies before everything was outlawed or however the rules are on it I don't know if they're completely outlawed, but but you can make it that I only want to leave a message for People to pick up and it should have been like this Hey, I was hoping I'd meet you. This is John or I hope I pick up this is John over at John McCain campaign Or say John McCain whoever you want Shoot hey when you get a chance call me back there's something I want to talk about I mean your area right now and Blah blah blah blah blah so a very personalized message, right? That's how you should use them I'm we use them a lot like that, you know, I do it for my students all the time I'd be like because they all knew me I said a voice broadcast out and their email I had a voice mail that would pick up if they picked up in here and a voicemail if it went to answering machines And you would in your sheer voice broadcast off at a certain time where? Stats say that most of those are a little voicemail. It's like Tuesday between two or three years I can't remember what the time was but and it was over like hey dang it I got weird pauses in there. Let's hope I get you look. I have to talk to you about something Blah blah blah blah blah happening tonight You know what I'll shoot you an email right now and I have a personalized email that follow up with it, right? I'm through the autoresponder. I'll shoot an email right now about it But give me a coffee can it da da da da da da da da da And this is amazing because like you like ten minutes after the call your your phone line is Yeah, I'm so sorry miss you. You know because they they feel it's a personal call and so Anyways, that's just me you don't have to do that, but that's what a voice broadcast is and does anyone know are those outlawed now? I heard they are You have to do it what now The white right way around Okay Yeah, yeah, okay gotcha. Yeah, I mean it's corporate America that kind of ruin those by these stupid messages that like my way is way cooler Okay, because the only reason people call back on the other ones to say don't ever call me again Okay, I don't know the slide is like so I wrote this a long time ago and once again, I apologize guys This was a rough draft that was printed off wrong. Okay things you probably heard of or thought when you started number one Okay, so this is working on online business number one you will increase the income just from your computer Okay, just from your computer now this whole base this whole workshop here is based off of offline marketing, right? Okay, that's just kind of the distinction. I want to make is it's not just internet marketing I think Russell wrote an article back two years ago. There's no such thing as an internet marketer Okay, right is that what it was title is it really is based off of this whole concept It's not just your computer. Okay, you got to get away from the screen and interact Okay, if you want if you want if you I mean it's a great way to bring him in bring him in online and immediately take him off Wine, okay Full point number two you'll get away from the hassle of dealing with your boss and with your customers That's another policy of building an online business You will get out of the office and relocate to the comfort of your home or of course the well-known beach setting that we all know with the Launcher There is no selling involved. Okay, just once again you guys are different kind of type of group, but that's that's you know Next slide is complete. Why okay? You have to speak with JV partners guys if you guys aren't doing JVs and I don't know it's Brent talking about joint ventures Okay, maybe I'll go into it a little bit You know some of you guys might be thinking well heck this all sounds awesome I'd love to charge someone $10,000 of a shopping, but I don't have anyone that would pay that how do I get it? Okay, align yourself with other list owners. That's the smartest thing you can do is find someone within you find your competitor Look at their stuff for two days. Give them a call See I'm very impressed with your stuff. I'm in the same thing I would love to blah blah blah blah with you, you know work with you on this or whatever whatever Let's just say you talk to ten of your competitors Okay, and nine of them say no and one of them say yes That could be worth a lot of money who cares if they reject you I don't care Rejection guys. I mean the only reason I got married was based off volume right until one said yes Okay, so I just do not care it does it and you guys shouldn't You want to make sure you're not getting rejected by the right people You know you want to make sure your pitch and in your in your strategy and in what you offer It's tested on people that that you know maybe have your your your goal of this is a group I want to eventually get with yeah, you probably shouldn't test on that group, but I So many people in internet marketing are afraid of rejection. That's just I may know so many people are afraid like what if I put my side up and no one buys Who cares they're not gonna know you like What does it matter? So don't be afraid You have to sell yourself as the guru if we're talking information marketing here Okay, you have to sell yourself as a guru. Okay, you have to have that unique angle if you're teaching SEO Garrett what makes you different than all the other 800 million people teaching SEO what makes you different? Why should I buy from you versus someone else because frankly? I don't care if you're better. I care for your more entertaining I might tell you a lot because I buy off emotion just by logic. I might logically say Why I went with Phil because he has a better track or good bowl. I bought because Phil is more entertaining Okay, I felt closer to him that attractive character that he talked about. That's why I buy okay. I can tell you guys I've worked in You know one thing about the Unique opportunity that we have in this industry is we work on the front lines and talk to the people that and you know really how they think Okay, I mean we call these people and we were talking to them and we know what they're really up against and what they really think And a lot of marketers don't have that feedback that we can give rusts of where you know They just create what they think that they should create whatever we know why they really buy and you've got to brand yourself or your organization whatever it is as the experts something unique about you guys about yet, okay, because Just there's there's so many choices so many choices Okay, it's just who's gonna outmarket each other and who's gonna sound more attractive, okay? You have a coach to teach in front Oh, you have to coach and teach in front of your buyers That's everything if you guys want to really build a successful business you got to be able to teach them You got to be willing to coach them. It's not always fun And I have no idea why I have these slides like I said, this is just a rough draft I think I was telling talking about sell strategies I come from the door-to-door industry and I like talking about door-to-door a lot because there's a lot of money in door-to-door believe Or not But this audience is not not the audience for that email. We've talked about direct mail I'm not a direct mail expert. I just know that it works Tell seminars obviously webinars we talked about that Phone outsourcing we talked about this a little bit. Okay, there might be someone in this group. That's like What is this guy talking about? We'll even work Probably it works We got regards if I give the presentation right or regards of I can't convince you it works So if you're not convinced by me do yourself a favor and talk to someone that that can convince you it works but if you're not willing to put yourself out there and You know to create a four thousand or thousand or an eighty thousand or a hundred thousand dollar product if you're not willing to do that and Your marketing you're spending money right getting that front and lead in Find someone that will do it and work with them. Okay? it happens a lot because All I would say at this point maybe half of our students are not our our buyers They're people that have came to us and it's like you guys have done such a freaking awesome job putting this together I've tried four times and failed and I'm just realizing I should have you guys do it for me And so they'll outsource their back end coaching to us Okay, you guys can do the exact same thing if you're not if someone out there's like I just not comfortable doing that I don't that's not where I want to be with this business. That's not my vision. That's not my direction That's fine. You know, there's nothing wrong with that But make sure that you're creating a way like said if your customers will spend that money on that with you or someone else And I can't think of any other reason or better reason That it shouldn't be you because once again, if you don't pick up the ball around with it Someone else will okay, and the last thing is building a sales team I Knew this cool little theory, but I don't know enough to draw but but really You know when cells and building a sales team you have your systems, right? You have to have your core your core competent your product you have to have your systems You have to have your cells, you know your cells team and there's a lot of different things that go in But as long as you have that formula in place That is a machine that just runs and runs and runs and runs and runs and it's awesome And it will keep running and you know you have to shift and change direction every once in a while But as long as you build that team get those right people on the bus No matter where you're still that but steer that bus you'll have you'll have success And that all comes down to having the right cells team And so when Tom gets to the point where he has five coaches underneath them that means he probably has to have like Ten cells men or maybe not quite that maybe maybe about ten cells men underneath each coach That's bringing business in and all he's doing is the marketing To get more people for the cells men to talk to or the system for the coaches to talk to that separates them from the people That's gonna pay his money So maybe 50% of his time is taking 10 grand from people and working with them one-on-one And they're 50% of his time is pushing more people over here to come up through here, okay? So and that that's how I look at it all different kinds of ways to look at it But that's how that's how you should be looking at it Okay, I'm your competitors back into another good great way this slide looks like it's based off selling it is look at your competitors Okay, let's just go through and real quick and I'll ask you who do you know who your competitors are right now? Yeah, I know there's like two or three million Yeah How'd you learn by the way you were yourself taught? Most of what I do is consulting so I get I get them in on the front end and then I try and build a relationship with them so Like you said if they're not gonna get it for me, they're gonna get it from somebody else So I try and get them While I've got them in on the free stuff and then they don't then I just keep Building that relationship with them until they do and they don't then it's okay You offer them something to buy or after that. Yeah, okay? All right, I just you mentioned free stuff like I'm just keep on giving it free hope No, no, no free and then I follow a lot of what Russell teaches. Okay, very cool. But you know who your competitors are by name No, okay Research and figure out what their back-end program is go go and just say hey You even call these guys up. Hey, I want some one-on-one help How would that how would you guys structure it if I page it help me one-on-one? And they're gonna tell you how they're doing it and you can see if you can you know Okay, you copy from one. It's plagiarism you copy from many its research Okay, so Tom what about you? Do you know in your competitors and if they have me back in programs? Do I have direct competitors? I Guess I guess so I don't normally really even think about them in that capacity, but there are people who I Know that just work with higher-end clients I mean for me there. I've got I've got two places to go. I've got professional baseball, which I've worked in a lot and College in high school. It's two pretty different groups in terms of how big their Their back end is you know and so I'm all steroids over here and here you don't have to so That to me would be the thing that some some guys are really just more focused on on big league Talent and I know they don't really think of a they don't really have a front end. They don't Really know there's a guy. There's a guy that has a front end and then Follows it through, but I don't think it's a very Systematic system. I think he just gets the clients from word of mouth rather than like a real system Yeah, I was gonna say I think a lot of people in the higher-ends is yours would be networking I don't think there's a lot of professional baseball players. They're like You know, right? They've been around for a while. They're gonna know and the point of me asking this is figure out Who some of those are and how they're charging people and try to duplicate it Even if you're not charging the same amount that they are just try to do what they're doing And if you fell who cares just do it again and again and again and one of these times You're throwing up a mud on the wall with that and it's gonna stick and then pretty soon You got a back-end program that just keeps reproducing and keeps going Phil At this point, I really don't have any competitors that I'm aware of so it's it's a kind of a niche that just What was your next again? Oh, it's information. Excuse me just a second Excuse me and it just has to do with information That we have been taught in schools. That's right. Yeah, and and basically scientific information that As a teacher I've taught school for about 27 years and It was just something I kind of came across and realized that We've been taught a bunch of well a bunch of lies in certain areas and I Don't know if you want me to go into it any further than that, but you have to go on the philosophy though. I just just But it's again like taking that because that's information. Yes, so I mean, what's the value? So if I'm coming to you and I'm paying you and I pay you at 30 bucks to get a book from you or some information from you and to know You know these things where I was taught that's complete bowl These things are true that you know truth according to you now. How do I take some of those things and then pay you more money? Okay, I believe in mine I would be somewhat limited there because I think I could probably get up to around the 250 to 300 dollar I think yours would be probably serve you best on a membership level Exactly and so you're you know and that's everything guys on back ends I'm trying to focus on back in marketing right now But a back end could be a membership where you know the whole thing is I'm just keeping Shove and as many people throughout that process as possible to get them on the membership Right, and you know that might be the extent of it Would I like there like there's some there's some students that we've had it You know I want to teach recipes And it's kind of like okay I'm not gonna spend five thousand dollars to go and teach learning recipe You know it's just maybe I'll pay ten dollars a month for that thing But I have five thousand people paying me ten dollars a month to learn recipes. So that works too. Yeah, so okay gotcha Thank you, so anyone else that that knows of a competitor that you can have that story you can explain I kind of want to illustrate it for everyone or does everyone kind of get it? You know like four minutes left, so Yeah, please And selling the product there's people out there that are afraid sometimes to get involved with that They're afraid of these scams I haven't seen any scams on the internet and yet a whole world is afraid of this And that's what I have found was selling a product on the internet I mean it used to be ten years ago why people didn't want to give their credit card online and all of a sudden it's nothing But somehow reason I don't know this country of fear why they're afraid of Getting involved with a major investment or a purchase Due to a scam whereas other countries like Australia they run with opportunities I'm just wondering how we can Get over that or what over the perceived fear? Yeah, how can yeah, do we have to have a secured website? Do we have to have a better business bureau sticker on our website? Business because it's really funny because I mean that's a whole different subject But some of those people that are you know some of those organizations to claim credible are really fraud themselves, so This is a little kind of a whole different Here's what I'm talking about right You know it's kind of a whole different thing, but are you thinking like how can I create a business based off of that like that? Well look at it this way In a way say that doesn't change so how can we still market well with that being said and it doesn't matter how many little Logos that we create ourselves or or from other organizations that say we're credible or credible The only way that you know you're credible is to go through your information and if they can build that relationship and get to know Like and trust you And once you're past that once you're past people that spent I spent 25 bucks with you online or something like that I'm sure there's a price point where you can realize that once they spent this much money And I fulfilled and I've said what I've done what I've said and more than what I told them I was going to do I've over delivered now anything I'm asking for they're gonna know it's credible They're gonna know you know I trust that it's just a matter of is it that value worth the price You know does that I'm gonna pay this much does the value equal this much you know You talking about the FTC stuff yeah, yeah I don't know if Russ will talk about that a little bit more or what but you guys can go online and get a little thing of What your testimony should be? So all right. Well any other questions at all about anything that I've covered I know with these slides we're kind of all over the place But hopefully by now you've formulated in your mind what a back-end program should be and you've got some ideas I've gave some extreme examples guys on how on what back-end programs are I've done that on purpose Okay, because I want to challenge you guys to go off and create a back-end program Okay, now I've gave some crazy examples on UFOs and we talked about hundred thousand dollars and the palm are eating lady And all these kind of things like that What if you just charge five hundred dollars or what if you just charge the thousand dollars for what you offer, okay? I Want to challenge you guys to go out and do it I want to challenge you to say I don't care if you know a care I mean do your best to fulfill it But I don't care if I fell at this and it doesn't work out and I have to refund or whatever It doesn't matter what can you take from that? What can you learn from that and you recreate it and do it again and again because you're gonna find out that? You're I would say a good 70% of your income will come from your back-end program If you guys structure it if you have a back-end program It's the same concept of I go to your site right now and to pay you money. How could I do that? If I cannot pay you money You cannot be successful with this and it's the same thing with a back-end No one's going to pay you guys money for a back-end program No one's gonna get more value from you guys unless you offer a way to get that value and for them to pay you that money for That value that's the only way it's going to happen. Okay. It has to happen Okay, and what an important thing to do and I usually do this But I won't do it for the sake of time because we're up, but if you guys can take one of these slides in here any of them I want you to write a story on what you did Six months here into the future. So it's july June or excuse me July August Okay in July and August. I want you to write the story. So it's July right now and You've made ten thousand dollars profit based off of a back-end program or twenty thousand or whatever it is I want you to write in past tense what you did what you did how you did it Okay, because when you do that you guys will create the blueprint on how to do it This is what I did. These are the things that I came across. This is what these are This is what the challenges were this however came the challenges This is a blah blah blah just write that story in future tense just write down what happened not not what's going to happen write what happened Okay, and all you can you just create the blueprint and you just follow that You got a back-end program created. Okay, I think there's one other question right here You know the Geordie and I'm not just talking about back-end on our basis I help with a lot of different back-end things in different areas and niches Usually it's the usually it's the first 24 hours after we touch them You know there's a lot of deals that come through pipeline that comes through that you know people are like Alright, so I've tried this for two months on my own realize. I don't know what I'm doing And yeah, I need help you know and that's the biggest thing we just with what we do upstairs We just want to make sure we're bringing people that need help. I need help You know as long as we can get them to admit I don't know what I'm doing. I need help and then we can say Hey, I have something to offer you. I don't know if it's right for you But this is how we'd help you and they can justify you know like yep This is what I need and then everyone wins so usually it's you know 24 hours after we first touch them over the phone or through mail or something like that Okay Thank you guys so much. Appreciate you guys and wish you the best of luck