So to begin with, during the break, Brent called me out and does not think I can learn how to become a medical doctor in 48 hours. But I'm up to the challenge. I need a medical doctor who will allow me to practice on their patients and I think I can prove it. So if anybody has a guy, no, but seriously, think about it. I tried to pitch him on this. So I don't think I can learn everything about medicine in 48 hour time. I can learn everything I need to know to work with a client or a patient. They come in and I'm like, that looks really weird. I'll be back in a second. Look it up online, get the answer, come back in, hey, you got this. And he's like, we wouldn't know the dosages. I'm like, I go back to the computer, I type it in, I get the dosages. Like, anyway, Dr. Google. I just think that the problem with school is to try to teach you all this stuff. I wouldn't say it about becoming a specialist. I might go perform brain surgery in two days. That would probably take me a week or two. I'm nested on that one. That's a different story. But anyway, I'm really not that cocky of a person, I swear. But I think literally any of you guys, though, you could learn. If you look at the learning cycles, I can't remember who I was studying that was talking about this. We're talking about how like, here's 100%, right? And 90% of what anybody will do in their profession, you learn in the first, you can learn really, really fast, right? And there's like that last 10% that's the specialist stuff that takes a lot, right? But most of it, you can learn that initial 90% very, very fast. And if you want to come and expert on anything, you can do it very, very quick. Anyway, all right. So now we get to the fun stuff. Now we get to the tactical, the scripts and stuff. So like I said, we're going to start down here at the bottom of the value ladder. And I wasn't going to go up like this, but we only have Robbie for a couple hours. And so Robbie stuff is awesome. And this is the high ticket stuff that a lot of you guys are wanting and needing. So we're going to go from here to here and then we'll come back to the middle stuff. So, okay, so I'm going to start with the first two scripts. So the first one, I call this the inquire script. And do you guys like my image? I was really proud of this one. You've got the 300 pound baby. So I call this the inquire interrupts because this is like the shortest script in the world. This is like three or four words, right? But it's the initial script you need to get somebody to take action, okay? Especially when they're cold traffickers, someone that's not, that's new to you. You have to be able to communicate them in a very, very short period of time, right? We're down to our nine second thing, right? We have very short period of time to catch them. And so back in the day, we used to write these headlines that were super big. And I think you can write bigger headlines when people are on more of the product wear cycle, right? We're talking about the different levels. But initially, when we're trying to grab someone's attention, we have to be short, fast and punchy. Okay, so if you look at probably the best example that in the world, it's national inquire. Okay, I'm probably the only one in this room that does this today, but hopefully by tomorrow, all of you guys will do this. Whenever I'm trying to write headlines, I go to Google Images, I type in National Inquire, and all these national inquires pop up. And I look at headlines, okay? When we first launched our supplement, NURSEL, I had an 18 word headline. And I remember showing it to one of my buddies named Aaron Lilly. And Aaron's got a product. I mean, you guys, when you fly on the airplane, you guys look at SkyMall Magazine. You know what SkyMall Magazine? There's that product that's in every single one that has this cream, and you put it on your mole and your mole falls off. Have you guys seen that before? Okay, that's Aaron's product. He does insane numbers with that, and he's killing it. So he's one of my friends that's just making the most money I know in the supplement space. And I showed him my headline. I showed him my whole site. And he's like, the biggest problem is like, your headline is like 18 words. He's like, in this market, you've got like this much time to capture the attention. He's like, you've got to think national inquire. He's like, this needs to be three or four words max. Like, crap, how am I going to do that? And this is where I started coming over here and start looking at these. So I don't know how you can see these there in your book too, but like, when you look at the headlines, like these are awesome. Hillary Clinton adopts alien baby. Sarah Palin's dark secrets. John and Kate's $10 million divorce. Angelina walks in on Brad and Jen. Jamie Lynn pregnant again. Al Gore sex attack. Kim's a phony. Is JFK alive? Oprah, only three years to live. These are freaking good, huh? You think the best copywriters on planet earth work for the national inquiry, guys. This is one of the most highly read newspapers in the world. You guys realize that? I don't think, I don't think there's any truth at all involved, but these headlines are amazing. And they're used when you're in this shopping, you know, the stand with your grocery, you're walking through, they would grab your attention, they, whoa, what? You got to put it in, right? Okay, that's what's happening every day on the internet. Because all this stuff happening, people are shopping, they're buying all this stuff, and you have to be so big and so bold and so fast to grab their attention. Just like them walking on the aisle, they're like, whoa, what? You kidding me? They got to pull it in and pull and bring it over, right? That's what we call these inquire interrupts. It's a pattern interrupt. We're taking people from the thousand emails they get a day, from the two million banner ads they see, from the 50,000 blogs they're surfing on, from Facebook reading, you know, a million different things and images and all this stuff that's happening, and you have to just, boom, interrupt them. Okay, Shailoh was asking me yesterday to go say, how come all the ads are ugly and they have red and yellow on them? Like, because you've got to grab these people and pull them away. She's like, why don't I want nice ads that are browns and yellows? Now, you can do that, okay? But that kind of stuff happens over here. That's when we shift from direct response, shock and awe, we got to grab these people in. After they're in front door, they're on your list, now we switch to like a branding messaging, right? When we're branding, you can do the nice stuff, you can do longer headlines, all these other things you can do. But initially, point of sale, we are grabbing somebody, we got to basically, they're walking by, we got to grab them by the shirt, yank them over here and say, boom, come by my crap, and then we start the process, right? Now, if they like you, you trust you, attract your character, stuff, now we can switch to nice ads, the brands, all these other things. But initially, you got to think national inquire. That's how we suck people in initially, okay? Now, you want to see how this relates to internet marketing? So, if you look over in your book, I've got three or four pages, these are some of the highest converting banner ads right now running on the internet. You'll see how these all look like national inquire type headlines. Okay, so when I started looking for our banner ads for our NERSEL product, I was looking at all these, these are tons of ones that I found that are really, really good. So, I'm going to read some of these to you. 70-year-old grandma looks 40. Dr. Oz, better than a facelift. Learn how to naturally boost your free testosterone levels. Eat this, never diet again. FEMA ban, this is the number one item to hoard. Do mole and skin tag removal creams work? Really work, yes. Make powerful healing water. You know seven survival secrets. This device has grocery stores panicked. Texas Man exposes fraud. You know seven survival secrets. Gun grabbers hate this. Man cheats credit score. One simple trick by credit score jump, 217 points. Banks hate this. You have these symptoms. You trust Obama. Three things that repel women. You see how good these are? Like you're on a news site reading, but that's the thing. You see this banner ad, you're going to click on it, right? And that's funny. The people that are running the nice professional ones, look at the companies that are running. The companies like Allstate, things like that, who have insane advertising budgets and they don't care if it works. They're just trying to be everywhere. Literally, one of my old employees got a job for this company down in Utah and he's an ad buyer for them. And this is his job. Every single day or every single month, a client will give him $10,000. And the only thing they ask in return is they want to know back how many impressions did you get me for that much money. That's it. They don't ask how many clicks, how many sales, they don't even care. All they care about is impressions. So that's what we're competing in. It's people who just buy and craft. They don't care. They're getting paid just to get impressions. So literally, he's like, all I do is I just burn their money because all they want, the only metric, the only KPI they have is how many impressions. Because in their mind, they're like, they're branding, right? They just want to put it out there everywhere. Those ones do not make money. I would be shocked if you found a single company that has a nice, beautifully designed banner that's working. Everybody I know who tracks their numbers to a tee, this is what their banner ads look like. Yes. I'm talking about cold traffic because there's no idea who you are. You're trying to grab them. After you've got them in your funnel, after they've joined your list, whatever that is, you shift the message. Now it switches to branding for women, for us, for everything. I feel like our page is typically as ugly as they are. There's no brand. There's no nothing. We're trying to grab them, suck them in. We've got them. Now we shift to branding because now I want to take that relationship to the next level. That's when we introduce attractive character. Our sites look nice. The way we sell is different. We use the funnel. All the stuff is different because I agree. Because at that point, I'm not trying to grab them. I'm trying to build that relationship. I want a warmer, better feel. That's kind of my, I have a lot of conversation with people about that. They're like, well, I like doing branding sites versus, I'd rather have a nice site that looks good versus one that converts really well because I want my people to love me. I'm like, no, you need both of them. You need this one on the front to grab them. Then after you've got them, now you warm them up and change that relationship. That's my opinion. That's how we do ours. That's what I know works. Does that help, hopefully? Yeah. So similar web. So when you go similar web and you have all the stuff, you scroll down. There'll be a section that says ads. It says show banner ads. You click on that and it'll show you all the ads that are running. You get similar web. The free version only shows you four or five ads. You have to use what runs where or if you use ad be or even the paid version similar web. It'll show you a whole bunch more. So these are the ones that I pulled off that have been running for a long time. Consistently, all those kinds of things where these ones all came from. So after we did all this, we started looking back and like, what's going to be our headline for NERS? We tried a whole bunch of different things. I think the winner right now, our winning banner ad, simply says weird nerve pain miracle. That's the headline. That's all it is. Then our image, we're always trying to find weird images because weird images is what catches you. You look at the weird images, the ones you're like, what is that? A couple of things. We found like, if there's eyes looking at you, increases conversion rate. If you notice back here with National Enquirer, all these images, there's always eyeballs. Something about eyeballs, we get sucked to them, right? It's like having eyes. The other thing that's working really good on Facebook and on banner ads is inverting images. So for example, we had this weird random picture of blueberries that had nothing to do with our product. We had it on there and then we did the negative version of it. So it looks like, it just looks weird. That's done awesome. Huge click through rate. It says weird nerve pain miracle and it's reverse. They're talking about reverse like the black and white back. Anyway, that shows that it just converges well. So half of it is these little quick headlines and half of these images and the weirder the images, the better. Like this dude, where the three things repel women. You got this guy showing his beard like, what is that? I don't know, but you see that and you're like, what is that? The image doesn't necessarily have to be related as much. But it looks good. I mean, you feel like some of these images, I think these images are fantastic. This one right here, breaking something, let's say breaking something worse. First, Obamacare, now there's something much worse planned. You got all these soldiers here in a video. I'm like, what the crap's about to happen? This one is really good. How celebrities get ripped in 2014? Big lady, skinny lady. The images are compelling. This one's awesome. Dude, you know, Seven Survival Secrets, these guys in gas masks running. Anyway, I think they're really good. So what I'd recommend doing is you guys, when you're on surf and on the internet, for me, whenever I'm on the internet, all I'm doing, maybe I'm kind of this advertising junky person. Like for example, also the internet, like when I drive and listen to radio, I hate the songs. I love when the commercials come on. That's my favorite part. Watch TV, my wife tries to fast forward. I'm like, no, this is why we're watching TV. This is the best part, right? And this is how the internet should be for you as well. Like when you're surfing on blogs and stuff, like you can go read your articles, but the number one goal of doing anything is trying to find the banner ads on the sites. I have a file where every time I see a couple of banner ads, copy and paste, and I save it, I've got folders and folders, just tons and tons of banner ads. Because I never know which one's going to inspire me for my next thing and my next weird thing, right? And what's the next headline? And so whenever you're on any of your favorite sites, just start looking the banner ads and grab them. I mean, start building your swipe file, those kind of things. The pattern interrupt that's happening here on the banner, typically on the squeeze page, not always, but the majority of time, the squeeze page message is matching what's here on this banner ad. Here on the Facebook ad, wherever the ad is. So kind of like, if they see banner ads, like 300 pound baby, see video, then they come over here and there's a thing saying, hey, 300 pound baby, give me an email address and I'll show you that video. So I'm matching that. They're kind of going the same way. Yeah. Round, very first test, I make the headline the exact same. And I might try to beat it, but for the most part, it's pretty similar. If that 300 pound baby was what got them to click, the next page would be about 300 pound baby because that's what's going to get them to the next action. Just like email, when we have, when the subject line of the email says 300 pound baby, one thing we found that was interesting, this is actually really interesting. So, and you probably, you probably noticed me do this in a lot of my emails sometimes. I don't always do my emails, my internal list, but when we're sending out, when we're buying email ads, we always do this. So here's, here's the email, right? Here's like the subject line. Subject, what we found is you typically have your email right here, then in the middle, there's like the blue link and then there's like more email and there's blue link and then your email, right? And before we always be like, we just put the website URL there. So we're like, hey, I got this really cool thing. Check it out here. And then www.russelscool.com and then blah, blah, blah, blah, Russell's cool.com. Right? We did that way a lot of times. Sometimes we do like, we have something that this link would say click here. We did that for a while. And what we tested a little while ago that beat everything is whatever the subject line was, so the subject line is weird nerve pain miracle, which is our control right now for all of our nurse email. This, the text on this link is weird nerve pain miracle. Okay? So it's congruency. Someone, they saw that right now and it got them to open and they see that again and they get some to click. So I know that got it, it was good enough that it got it open. And I changed that to the text of the link is the exact same as the text of the subject line dramatically increased click rates. Okay. Then we took the next step and we took that exact same thing and that became the headline of the landing page increased opt-in rates. Okay. So we found out what was speaking to him. What was the most important thing? So this becomes the same as these becomes the same as this. Now in some situations you probably could beat it, but by default step one, I would just do it that way and try to beat it from there. But step one, I would just, I would lead with that. It's kind of cool, huh? All right. Any questions about the pattern interrupt stuff there? Okay. The same pattern interrupt ideas, same thing with our Facebook ads. Think about the Facebook ads you guys click on. Like anytime you click on an ad, especially in Facebook, like right before you click stop, take a little screen capture of it because if it caused you to want to click, that's a good sign it's probably a good ad. Every time I take an action, I'm like, wait, why did I do that? What gave me the emotional need for me to click on that thing? What was the reasoning? I love trying to figure out stuff out and I'm like, how can I copy that? How can I do the same thing in my ads? Okay. So that's the very, very, very front of the value ladder script. Pre anything, we're just creating ads trying to get people to come over and click, right? Okay. The next step now is after we've got something through the funnel, this is one of my lower end of the value ladder scripts. I'm typically using this for, if I want to have some kind of sales message on a squeeze page, usually I just have a headline, but if I do have some kind of sales message on a squeeze page, this is the script I follow. If I'm doing a free plus shipping thing, this is the script I follow. That's about as far up as I go. If I'm selling something that's over free play, I mean, you might be able to use this as well for like a $7 product. If it gets more than that, I switch to the script will show you guys after lunch. Okay. But anything of the bottom tier, this is the one that I use because it's quick, it's fast, and it gives me everything I need to have to be able to close the sale at a very, very low dollar rate, dollar amount. Okay. I'll also use this a lot of times for webinar registration page, why this register for webinar. So I'm doing either trying to get an opt in to register or buy a free plus shipping thing. This is a script. Okay. The script is very, very simple. So who, what, why, how? I'm going to answer these four questions. Okay. It's a question number one, who am I? Question number two is what do I have? Question number three is why do you need it? And question number four is how do you get it? Okay. So this is how it works in the real world. In fact, this is how I did it. My.com secrets labs. Hey, my name is Russell Brunson. Answer question number one. Hey, question number two, I got this really cool book. I just created it. It's called dot com secrets labs is 108 proven split test winners. That's what I got. Okay. I got one of the, this book is so awesome. If you look through here, it's got split tests for all of my favorite split tests. It's got this and that. It's going to show you this part and this part and this book literally put my heart and soul into it. And the reason why you need this, if you don't know what to split test, you don't know what to do or what, what the first step is the second step, this book will give you a guide that you can just use and just copy my best split test. Look at them, copy them and make money. Like I'm just basically giving you a cheat sheet and that's why you need this. Okay. There's my why. And then how this is how you can get this book. It's not going to cost you anything completely free, but I do need you to cover the shipping handling. You can see this is a huge book. Super awesome. If you cover the shipping and handling, it's just going to be 10 bucks. I will ship this out to you for free. And right here on the side, there's a button, click on that button and fill out the form and then we'll ship this out to you. Boom. That's how they can get it. That easy? Okay. Free DVD. I would do the same thing. Free, whatever. Automated webinar. I got this webinar coming up. It's going to be awesome. This is why you need it. This is how you get it. Just register on the form on the side. So the how is like my call to action. Where am I telling them to go? Okay. So that's the core message. Now, the other amplifiers you can add on this, and I didn't realize this until when I was preparing this whole thing. I was looking at all of our front end things and the core script I've always used when I create my videos is the who, what, why, how. But I realized in like the DocomCyclist labs, you can see it really blatant. I have that whole thing. That's the first message and at the bottom of it, I have three or four closes that I use. The first close was the catch. Because everyone's wondering like, what's the catch? And so with this, basically because there's no catch, I say, look, everyone's wondering what the catch is. There's no catch. I'm not charging you continuity. I'm not doing anything sneaky or whatever. I'm just trying to get one of my best products in your hand. If there's a catch, I got to explain what it is. There's not a catch. Explain that there's not a catch. And then you have to give them kind of a reason why they could be because. I can't remember which book. Some of you here, I'm sure, will know what it is. But I think it might have been Chalvinies or someone who's doing a study in a high, or a college. They had like a drinking fountain in the corner and they had this huge line of people behind them. And everyone's getting lined in there. They're taking these drinks. They wanted to test different psychology of how they could get people to do what they wanted. So what they do is they have these people go up in this huge line and they haven't cut in front of the first person. It's like, hey, I need to cut in line. And they did all these tests for a long time. And what they found is that they came in and said, hey, I need to cut in line. People were like, no, get in the back. But if they gave somebody a reason, any kind of reason just to be because, hey, I need to cut in line because I got to go to the bathroom. They're like, all right. I didn't care. It didn't matter what the because was. And he cut in line because I'm thirsty. Like, okay, cool. As long as you gave them a because, they're like, okay, cool. And it's like, I can't remember the numbers. Like 93% of the time that they used to be cousin, but anything after it, even if it's completely ridiculous or stupid, the person didn't say anything. But if they just said, I need to do this without giving you a reason why because, then the people would say no almost every single time. So there's a power in that. So my catch is like, this is the catch. There is no catch. And the reason why I'm doing this is because of this. Okay. I wanted them to know. I wanted them to know. Russell's doing it just because he wants to be cool. Okay. Or Russell's doing it because he wants to make more money off me in the back end. Whatever it is. Like you can literally tell them, like, my goal is to give you this. You're going to fall in love with it and then you're going to buy something really expensive later on. They're like, oh, cool. That makes sense. As long as you give them a because, they're going to be happy, right? That's the first one. Second one, especially on these low ticket things, there has to be some kind of urgency. These are impulse sales, right? If like, here's this free book. It's going to be here forever. You can buy it whenever you want. They're like, okay, cool. I'll come back. I'm going to go ahead and get some kind of urgency. For us, we print a thousand these at a time. I'm like, okay, we print a thousand at a time. Last ship, the first shipment went out and we sold out in two days. Second shipment, we sold out in three days. We've got some right now. If it's paged up, we got some open right now. I have no idea when they're going to be gone, but when they're gone, they're gone. So click on the button now. Okay. Automated webinar. This thing's happening this week. You've got to do it right now. Okay. Squeeze page. This is available right now, but it's not going to be available forever. Some kind of urgency. You have to tie because it's an impulse sale. If you don't have that urgency, you don't take them. Don't lie. I learned this from Armin Moran because he speaks at 80 events and every single time he has this great urgency, I'm like, how do you do urgency when you're speaking every week and you're selling the exact same thing? People catch on and he says what he does is he tries to tie it to something that's intangible so that people don't ... With us, we're like, because we are printing. That's really nice about the free plus shipping stuff is that you're printing in. For us, we really do runs at a time. We can tie it to that, but if you don't have something like that, if it's digital or whatever else, what I learned from Armin that was awesome is that he'd always say there's order forms in the back and when they're gone, they're gone. When they're gone, they're gone. What does that mean? When they're gone, they're gone. It gives you urgency without lying. I'm selling these books right now. When they're gone, they're gone, you've got to hurry. When they're gone, they're gone. That's what I use whenever I don't have something specific I can tie it to. It's just when they're gone, they're gone, you better hurry. It's very vague, but it works. When they're gone, they're gone. When they're gone, they're gone. I can't keep something online forever. When they're gone, they're gone. It's because stuff, right? I need to get a drink because my wife is angry. All right, come on in. Someday I'm taking this offline because when they're gone, they're gone. All right, cool. Yeah, the FSC may shut me down. Did you guys ever, you guys know Kevin Trudeau? They finally got him after all these years. I remember we were in Mexico, my wife and I, and we were watching his infomercial. Man, he is so good. If you want to watch the best salesman ever, I wish he would have used his powers for good because he was the best salesman, I think probably ever. I remember sitting there and watching this thing and his whole pitch is like, here's where they have to see shut me down here. Here's where the government shut me down here. They're coming after me. This infomercial is up right now, but they're trying to control the media and I'm going to pull down any second now. We're in Mexico at three in the morning watching this infomercial. My wife is trying to figure out how to call on her cell phone back through. She's paying all these international fees to order the book. I'm like, honey, this is what I do all day long. You can't, anyway, it just made me laugh, but that's how good that pitch is. It's like the best pitch in the world. Hurry before the US government finds out. All right, urgency. Guarantee, one thing I learned, I learned this from Jason Flyland. I think it's really, really cool. He just makes weird guarantees that are crazy. He's like, most people are like, I guarantee my product for 30 days, your money back. They're so bland, it doesn't really do anything. It's kind of like this whole pattern interrupt. If you can do a pattern interrupt with your guarantee, it's a really cool thing. What I saw Frank Kern do on the book, and so I copied it for my free book, I thought it was cool, is he said, it's free. It's $5 shipping handling, but for whatever reason, you don't like it. Just let me know, and I'll still refund your shipping handling. You keep the book and blah, blah, whatever it is. I thought that was really cool. I read this one guarantee the other day where the guy guaranteed if you implemented it didn't work, he would eat a cockroach live and post a video on YouTube. I just weird stuff like that. We were just like, just a pattern interrupt so they understand there's a guarantee. Most people just gloss through that. The guarantee is really powerful. So guarantee, and then if you're doing it, like the way we do ours, I'm sure you've seen them before. We used to have our video here, our call to action here, kind of our sales letter, which is usually, let me see. So when I'm, like the dot com secrets labs, when the way it's structured is this video is the who, what, why, how. The copy down here, I had a bunch of bullet points just to kind of brag about everything that's in there. Then I went catch urgency guarantee and then from Russell Brunson. And then the PS is like, hey, for all you guys who just scroll the bottom one note the actual offer is, this is what it is again, and a recap the offer in like two sentences. So that's what the recap is. Because a lot of people are going to see this video, scroll the bottom and look right here. So I just flat out say, look, for all you guys who are scrolling, this is what the offer is, and just call them out. So if you want to look at how we do a dot com secrets lab, you guys can kind of just knock that off. That's what the recap is. That's how we structure our pages for our free plus shipping stuff. And again, some of these things like if I was in automated webinar, you know, I'm probably not going to give a guarantee and a recap stuff like that. Like again, the core things is the who, what, why, how. The other ones on the bottom are things you can add to it, depending on what you're selling, how you're selling and stuff like that. Bottom value ladder make crazy guarantees because we're trying to get people in the door. Okay. So I'm excited for 25,000 or coaching package. I'm not guaranteeing nothing because if I spend my time, my energy, my effort, and they don't like it, like I'm not giving the money back the price spent all the time. So my guarantee shifts up as I move the value ladder, which is usually fine because again, they know you like it. If they see value here, here and here, you kind of weed it out all your tire kickers and the people that are going to be garbage down lower and the good people are up here. And so my, my guarantee changes. Like our, our guarantee now are hiring coaching at three days, right? You sign the contract, you have three days and it's done. Right. And that's kind of how we, that's how most of you structure things as well. Yeah. That's, that's based on law. I think we have to do that. Yeah. Let me know you have three days in the contract. So our high expending, you guys know that paid expense stuff. You sign a contract, you got three days. After that, it's, so that's why initially, like, if you look how we do it, you guys, as soon as you sign the contract, we send you something to email because that's officially when the clock starts coaching has begun. You've got the intake form boom and the three day, three day clock kind of starts going. Good question. All right. Any other questions on who, what, why, how the guys are like, need to make a sales video really, really fast. This is it. Your iPhone out. Boom. Who, what, why, how done, put it up, make some money really quick. It's just the fastest, easiest way to test something, get it out there. Um, we use the script all the time, um, especially when we want to do something fast. Okay. The other ones I'm going to show you are really good, but it's going to take you a day, a week, a month to create the whole entire sales thing. This is one that's the fast, the easy, we pulled out of our pocket a couple of times a week when I'm doing a webinar or I'm doing an email that I use this. I use all sorts of different parts of my, in my thing. I think John Carlton was the one who first showed me this, that process, who, what, why, how, and we've been using it for five or six years and it's awesome. All right. So we're going to do is right now we're going to shift to the top of the value ladder. I'm going to let Robbie come in and switch microphones. But while he's kind of coming up here, I'm kind of back story. When we first started our call center, we had, we had our, I think at a time, we first came here with like five, maybe 10 guys, four or five people. Robbie came up from Utah and started working with us and helped us take it from four or five people up to 60 people. It just was, was amazing. And then we shut the call center down. We kind of left and I didn't see Robbie for a couple of years. And then when we kind of decided to re bring it back in a different format and a very small format, we built it out. And most of you guys met Troy and Kimberly yesterday. They were kind of the initial guinea pigs and they spent a month or so kind of testing things out and trying things. I think in the first, in the first month, I think they made one sale. And I was like, man, this sucks. Like we spent so much energy and effort building out a funnel and driving traffic and everything and just, it wasn't making, it didn't make any money. And so we literally were like a day away from like pulling the plug. And I called up Robbie and I was like, Hey man, do you mind like just coming into the office and just like looking to see if they're doing this ride? And just kind of, I don't know, just look at it. And like a good salesman's are like, Yeah, I could definitely do that. It's only going to cost you boom and drop some crazy number. I was like, come on, man, we're friends. He's like, yeah, but that's how it works. I'm like, all right. So I wrote him a check. He came in on a Friday, came on Friday, sat down with Troy and Kimberly, spent four hours with him going through the script, going through the process, doing a couple of role plays and then he left. That was Friday. The next morning, Troy and Kimberly came in. It was a Saturday. They picked up the phone and within three hour period of time, they sold $36,000 worth of coaching. And then I called Robbie back up and he said, man, that was the cheapest money you ever spent. He's like, you should be paying me more for this stuff. And he was right. And then he came back like two weeks later, just more training with them. And literally from that one little four hour session, was able to take our guys from, you know, making almost nothing to averaging $30, $40,000 a week. And then after a while, he saw what they were doing and he asked me to come back and we're happy to have him. He's come back and most of you guys probably talked to him at one point. But it's helped take our high end sales process from, I think we'd close $125,000 sell ever. Right now we're averaging about two a week plus a bunch of eight and $15,000 sales as well. It's just, it's been blown up. And right now we're doing net sales. We're netting more than we are, more with two people or three people right now than we were with 60 people before. And it's all kind of through this process he's going to be walking us through. He's going to walk you through the two sets script that he uses. He's awesome. One of the best sales person I've ever met and excited to have him here. So everyone's going to give a round of applause for Robbie Summers. Wow, guys, that's kind of a kind of a lot to live up to. I appreciate Russell and I appreciate the opportunity to be here with you guys. There's there's a couple of things that I really want to express to the people in this room. Most of you I have spoken to on one level or another. And most of you on one level or another have trusted me with your time, trusted me with your money. And I want to express my gratitude, my thanks to you because without that, we wouldn't be here without you guys doing this and wanting to build and grow your businesses. So that's why I appreciate that and thank you very much. That the next thing that I want to do is how many of you guys want to know how to take your $300 buyer, your $10 buyer and turn them into a $25,000 sale. So anybody anybody here interested in that? OK, all righty, let me just just because Russell likes the stick figures, I'm going to I'm going to just give you guys a quick little demonstration on why and how this works. If if I've got my my stick figure here and if I asked you guys if if I was to put on my stick figure, what part of the body does emotion come from? The heart. OK, so I've got my heart right here. OK, and what what part of the body does my logic come from? But my brain, right? OK, where do you guys keep your keep your wallets? What where do you keep them? You back pocket side pocket, right? Like so let's say down here, I got my wallet, right? Which which one's closer to my wallet is my emotion or my logic closer? OK, and so the thing that we have to do with this, Russell told me, hey, Roddy, I want you to take, you know, your 20 years of experience, your 20 years of knowledge, compress it into 30 minutes and and teach these guys everything that that you know. And if if I could just very, very quickly, the most important thing with doing a high ticket sale is making sure that the people understand the emotion. Now, you've got to get you got to have the logic there too. You can't have empty air. You can't have an empty product. The the script process that that we go over, it generally takes about an hour and a half to two hours to go through the whole process. And unless unless you're Mike, one tempo, it took about 20 minutes. But but that was because that Russell set that one up. OK, but but the whole script process within about the first five to 15 minutes of every single person that I have talked to in this room, five to 15 minutes. I know and understand that you guys were going to be sitting in this room, that you guys are going to be a buyer, that at the end of our conversation that we're going to have a purchase, we're going to have a sale. And the reason is is because of the emotion that we draw out of people. And the reason that we can draw the emotion out is because Russell's got the right funnel done. It's it's set up, but I could take all the time in the world and I could go through everything with the set script, everything with the closed script. And you guys all have access to that in the black box coaching area. It's it's it's all there. But but the very, very most important thing, what even even when we get to finding credit, I was talking to. What was your name in the back? Yes, I was talking to Natasha on on Thursday. Her Kimberly and I were talking to her and and Natasha said, you ask people how much they have available on their credit cards. Are you serious? I would never ever do that. And and and the reason that you can find those questions out, the reason that you can get those things answered is because the emotion is built with the people that we're talking to. And I need a I'm going to show you an example and I need a guinea pig. OK, let's would you come up here, please? What's your name, Bonnie, Bonnie, Bonnie. I want you to imagine for just a moment. OK, you've gone through the process. You have. Bought 108 secret split test secrets from Russell, OK, and the next step in the process is they fill out an application with the opportunity to personally work with Russell. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to take five minutes and Bonnie and I are going to role play. What would happen in that five minutes with our conversation? Ring ring. Hey, Bonnie, this is Robby with Russell Brunson's office. I got your application here and I understand that you're interested in working with Russell Brunson. Is that right? I don't know that I said that. But Bonnie, did you fill out an application? Oh, I guess I did. I forgot. I must have been busy on Facebook and I forgot. Sorry. No problem, Bonnie. That Bonnie, that happens all the time. Bonnie, as far as as far as working with Russell Brunson and building your business. Why are you interested in working with Russell? Well, I, you know, I listened to his webinar and it just was really clear to me that he really knew what he was talking about. Just some subtle distinctions he said that just pulled it all together for me in a big way. And I guess if that's what he's offering for free, I was just curious, like, what, you know, working with him one on one could do for me. Sure. That'd be pretty incredible to be able to work with him one on one, wouldn't it, Bonnie? It really would be. Bonnie, tell me a little bit about your business. So I'm starting to launch a business. It's basically my first course and I'm teaching entrepreneurs how to outsource their weaknesses and things that they hate to do so they can focus on building a life and a business that they love. And guess what happens? They make more money. So you're trying to build that and you're trying to create that for other entrepreneurs? Yes. OK, that's awesome, Bonnie. I love that. Bonnie, as far as building this business, why do you want to build this business? What are your goals? What are you trying to achieve? Are you looking? Bonnie, are you working a full time J.O.B. right now? I'm not. OK, what's your purpose behind building and growing this business? So my purpose behind doing this is that I want to use this as a platform for creating my first product launch to get me better known in the space, utilize expertise that I have and then ultimately probably pivot towards helping people have a better life on a day to day basis. So more personal development stuff, more enjoying your life more. But this product launches is initially just going to be a platform for me to become known, make money, utilize my expertise, etc. So Bonnie, you kind of want you want to use this to build your brand? You want to build you, right? Yes, I do. That is awesome. Bonnie, why is it so important for you to help out other people and let them know the same things you know? I it's really important for me because that's what I'm passionate about. I really care about people and I really want to help people be happier because I'm one of those really weird emotional people that feels people's emotions and people are happy. I'm happy. So it's kind of like a selfish move on my part. Bonnie, have you worked with people before and done some of this this entrepreneur coaching, even even like on a personal level? So I haven't formally coached anyone. Informally. Yeah, actually. So informally, I have I've worked with a life coach before. And then I've also worked with some high level entrepreneurs who have walked me through and mentored me through my business. Bonnie, what what happened when you worked with those life coaches? When you worked with them, how did how did that benefit you? So one of my my coaches like is someone who has, you know, built hundreds of millions of dollars online and just simple conversations with him help me get such huge insights in such a short amount of time. I feel like it saves me like years of trial and error, which is just so important. Now, and you want to be able to do that with other people? I would love. I mean, ultimately, that would be great. So that's kind of your goal. Kind of your vision is to take those people that that and do the same things that have happened to you to be able to do that and help out other people. Yeah, that would be great. Is anybody in particular you're wanting to help? I in terms of my target audience or do I like some people? Target audience or is there is there? Do you have somebody in mind that you want to help? Yeah, for the initial product launch, I think that consultants and speakers and people who are really great with in person stuff, but less good with the technical parts would be an ideal fit. OK, so people that need some help and walking them through that. Great. Bonnie, let me explain to you what we're doing. OK, you're going to have the opportunity to work if you qualify for this program directly with Russell Brunson. OK, Bonnie, do you think Russell can help you to build and grow your business? Yeah, that's really clear to me. Yeah. Why is it? Why do I think he can help me? Well, because he's obviously at a much higher level than I am. And so he's already had the bruises, the scrapes, the mistakes himself. And so like I might come up with an idea and really not be sure of it. But it's always just so helpful when you have someone like, oh, actually, even though that seems like it's going to work, it totally won't. And by the way, you need to make sure you have more than one merchant account. OK, so so there's a lot of things, a lot of things that he might be able to tell you, a lot of things that he might be able to teach you then, right? Yeah. Bonnie, if you had that opportunity to work with Russell Brunson directly and he could teach and train you those things, how many people do you think you could reach? I mean, I think I would be able to reach probably 10X. I don't know an exact number, but probably 10X, what I would be able to do on my own, for sure. And a lot faster, which would be great. What would that do for you and for your business? I mean, that would be awesome because then I could spend more time like living my message and having an even more fun, better life myself. And that would be amazing and help light me up, which I feel like could I could shift back to my audience, which is great. So and Bonnie, tell me about this life that you want to live. Do you what do you want to know exactly? Tell me about this life you want to live, Bonnie. OK, what do you want to know about it? When you say there's things that you want to do, is it traveling? Is it spending time with kids? Is there is it a new house, a car? What what is it with this life that you want to live? OK, so my ideal life is that I get to like take lots of classes all the time and learn about all sorts of fun things and then relay that back to people and teach them, like be sort of like the Tim Ferriss, the female Tim Ferriss, who learns things really quickly. And then it's like, oh, hey, you want to hack like how to act really quickly or act secure or be more confident. Here's what I learned in my life experiments. And so that would be like my ideal life. But that I feel like is further down the line because I kind of need to, you know, do some things that are a little more strategic first. You got to build the blocks first, right? Yeah, of course. Yeah. But but your ideal vision, your ideal goal, the thing that would just just make you the happiest person in the world is if you could just be out learning and then teaching other people that as well. Yes. OK. Bonnie, if you have the opportunity to work with Russell Brunson, do you think Russell could help you to learn more and to be able to teach more people? Yeah, absolutely. OK, thank you, Bonnie. That's it. OK. Now, let's give Bonnie a round of applause. OK, there's a couple of things. And if I was actually on a call, I would have I would have addressed a couple of other things with Bonnie. The whole purpose, the whole premise of what I wanted to do is I've got to find out what motivates Bonnie and Bonnie took a little bit of time to tell me what motivates Bonnie. I had to go through a couple of things I had to find out. I had to dig a little bit, but until I know emotionally what's going to cause Bonnie, Bonnie wants to learn. She wants to teach other people the things that she's passionate about. Other people, David, where's David? David, there's David. David wants to backpack. He wants to travel the country. Other people want RVs. They want to spend more time with their kids. They want to secure their retirement. They want to do those things. And it doesn't matter. What I'm selling people once I've created that emotion and. I logically bridge that gap. Help them to accomplish it. So the gap, the gap for Bonnie is she knows she's a lot of steps away from being able to be successful with her coaching business. And she also knows that Russell is over here and he knows how to market. He knows how to drive and build and grow a business. And if I can marry the two, if I can bridge those two things together, all of a sudden, I give Bonnie the opportunity to reach her goals, her dreams, her successes. Everything that she wants and needs know in life. Now, Bonnie, if you thought there was that much of a chance. Just just the smallest, slightest chance that I could help you. To sit in classrooms, to sit in meetings like this and learn for the rest of your life. Would you probably tell me anything that I wanted to know to help you build and grow your business? So instead of this much, you need this much? Okay, well, I'll take this much. Okay. The process behind this is you have to, number one, you have to have a passion and a love for people. As you guys talk to me and as you guys have seen me, I sat down at lunch with a bunch of you. And the most important thing is that you're smiling, that you resonate that emotion with people. And as you resonate that emotion with people, guess what happens? They feel it, they get excited, they want to be a part of it. And you can do that very quickly, very easily on the telephone with your voice inflections, the ups and the downs, those types of things. As that happens, as it takes place on the telephone, that you have the ability to let people become emotional. When I sit down and I talk with somebody about what would it feel like to you? To be able to coach your kid soccer team next year, because you're working 80 hours a week. What would it feel like to be able to get your kid a college scholarship? What would that mean for you? How would that make a difference? What would that do for you? What would it feel like to have for the network marketers, continual passive residual income, coming in month in and month out for the rest of your life? What would happen? What would change? All of a sudden that emotion gets pulled out of people. If it's a doctor, what would happen if you didn't have to spend 80 hours a week at your practice? What would you do with your free time? How would your life change? If you're in financial planning, what would happen? If you didn't have to spend all day long every day looking for leads? How would that change your business? How would that be different? And as you do that, and you talk to the people about their businesses, where they're at in life, it gives them the opportunity to see and understand that we have the ability to be able to help them. And it doesn't matter what your niche is. It doesn't matter if you're the business backman, entrepreneur. It doesn't matter if you're financial services. It doesn't matter if you're selling dogs or coaching people to be NBA stars. It doesn't matter because everybody has their hopes, their goals and their dreams. And if I sit down and I take the time to really care about the people that I'm talking to, and I really want to get to know who they are and how we can help them, all of a sudden, if I'm at this point and there's that much of a belief in who it is that we are, what it is that we're doing, all of a sudden it becomes very, very easy. To take them through the rest of the process. Take some time to build that rapport. It takes some time to build that emotion. But once I've got that emotion built, Bonnie's going to go through the rest of the process. And maybe right now at this point, Bonnie's not ready to pull out her credit card and give me $25,000. But right now, Bonnie is emotionally tied into working with Russell Brunson. I brought it back into Russell. I brought it back in to whatever your product is. And as I bring it back into them, as I tie it back into them, I have the ability to logically explain to you how you're working with me, how you're working with us, what our membership site looks like, how we're going to help you to drive traffic in. It's all about creating that emotion. Once you get to the point that you've got this introduction mastered. Again, it's in your black box coaching. Once you get to the point that you get that emotion out of people, all you need past that is somebody with about a fourth grade reading level. Because all the rest of it, the scripts are there. It's very, very, and you customize it to your product. You customize it to what we find out where people are at, how much money they have. And then we find the best fit to help them to achieve and accomplish their goals. It's very, very simple to do if the process, if the funnel is set up correctly. Are there any questions? Anybody have, Russell told me I had 30 minutes take 20 years worth of experience and compress it down. If I could give you guys 1.1 piece of advice, get to know the people, find out who they are, create that emotion, and then just back it up with logic. The other thing with your call center, with your high ticket sales. The entrepreneurs, you guys, do not, do not be the guys that are on the phone selling. Worst thing in the world you guys can do. Take that out of your mind, get it out of your heads, find people. And we talk about it in high ticket secrets in black, it's in the black box coaching. Teachers you how to find the right person, how to walk through that process. Find people, do not be the person on the other end of the line. You're too emotionally attached to your product. You're too emotionally attached to what's going on. And all of a sudden you start talking about all these things that have all this logic, all these reasons, why people need to buy, and all the reasons that people need to buy are down here. That's why people, people buy to be able to take classes for the rest of their lives. People buy because they want to get out of debt. People buy because they want to secure their retirement. People buy because they don't want to work 80 hours a week. People buy because they want to be absentee owners. That's why people buy. And that's where you create that emotion there. What questions do you guys have in regards to the back end, the funnel? Anything, Simon? You know what, Simon, that's a great question. And you know what, I'm not the expert here. Okay, that's my program director's role. And what you need to do first of all is you need to qualify through me. If you qualify through me, my director's going to answer all those kind of questions for you. He'll go through all the nuts and bolts. And it doesn't matter. I set people, I close people. We'll flip them back and forth all day long, okay? Because for the particular person that we're closing, Kimberly or Troy might become the program director. I might be the program director. It's going through that funnel. It's going through that process. And if I'm setting somebody, okay? I could, because I could go through and answer any question that anybody's going to throw out to me about the business, about how things work. I answer the exact same way. Simon, that's a great question. Write it down. If you qualify through me, my program director will answer all those questions. Does that make sense? Mike, we have three people that work with us. And the whole reason that we do is that, gosh, one of us might be at the lunch. We might have the day off. We still need to function. We still need to work together. So we have three people in one little office and it allows us, I mean, just to give you guys an example, it allows us to be able to get the point where consistently week in, week out that we can bring in $50,000, $60,000, $70,000 in revenue for the business at about a 70, 75% profit margin for you guys. Okay? And you guys do the number. I mean, gosh, you guys have the ability to put that in your pocket. That's the whole value behind the high ticket sales is if the funnel is created correctly, it allows you to be able to put that in your pocket. Simon, for me, when I get my leads, I have the application and I don't ever read anybody's application. Okay? And you guys are laughing. You guys are like, gosh, dang it, I filled out that stupid application and Robbie didn't even look at it. Okay? Mark. Okay? Let me explain to you why. Okay? The reason that I don't read the applications is because I don't want to prejudge anybody. If you guys knew how many people that we have brought into our programs that we have worked with, that on their applications, they said they have zero marketing and marketing budget, zero. They don't have a budget. That's one of the questions on our application. For a lot of salespeople, what are they going to do with that? Oh, that lead, it's no good. A lot of people don't understand and don't realize that they have the ability to use their credit to build and grow business, especially if you're dealing with people that aren't entrepreneurs, aren't business people. And a lot of the spaces a lot of you guys are working in, you're dealing with people that are either biz off or they're not people that are normally accustomed to making large purchases, things like that. A lot of people don't in the back of their mind think, gosh, I could use and I could leverage my credit short term because if you get my kid a scholarship to play basketball, how much money does that save me over four years? Hundreds of thousands. And how much are you asking for my, how much are you asking for your top level? What's your top level? 2K. I am not a mathematician. That seems like a better deal, right? $100,000 worth of student loans or 2K on a credit card? Most people don't understand, they don't realize that their credit is a tool that they can utilize. And so we talk about that in the scripts and you look at that as we go through probe finding credit, we talk about how credit works and how most entrepreneurs, you know, you're not going to be able to use your credit. You're not going to be able to use an example of a real estate investor. They don't go out and put $200,000 into a home. They use the bank's money. They use it short term. They turn around, they put a renter in it. The renter pays the loan off. They've used the bank's money instead of theirs. Your credit's the same thing. Most people don't mentally walk through that process. And there's probably a lot of you guys in here that are saying, yeah, duh, Robbie. Of course my credit is a leveraging tool. The people that most of you guys are talking to don't understand that, don't realize it. It is something that you have to sit down, you have to explain to them. And you've got to tie it back into some of this logic up here. That's where that comes in later on down the road with the script. It just takes a minute to be able to do it. I don't read the applications. I think you have some good questions on there. And I don't want to say that to offend anybody who took a lot of time to fill out the application. I would much rather take the time to hear you, to talk to you, to develop a relationship with you, than read a piece of paper. Because I don't want to prejudge you. I don't want to pre-frame you. I want to know who it is that I'm talking to. And the best way for me to do that is to be on the phone, talk to you face to face. That's what allows me to be able to do that. That answer your question? I can come back to it and revisit it. But I don't want to talk to people that filled out an application two weeks ago. If you filled out an application, do you know the very best thing that happened? If you filled out an application, the next step is call this number. If you want to talk to somebody, if you can't wait for somebody to call you, call this number. That's the next step in our process. I want to be talking to you as quickly as possible. Every single day I come into the office at 8.30 in the morning. And the very first thing that I do is I print off all the leads that we have that came in from the applications the day before. And the first thing that we do is we jump on those leads. If I let you sit for two weeks without making any contact, without trying, without doing anything at all, that leads become so cold at this point. If I can get you within 24, 48 hours, I have the ability to immediately spark that. Hey, what are you looking to do with your kid? Why do you want him to go to a big 10 school? Why do you want this? You start asking them those things, it's going to build that emotion right away. You know, I do. My personal favorite is are you going to put that on your Visa card? Should start with a four. Okay, I mean, there's a lot of different things. Hey, as we talked about before, we're going to leverage this on a line of credit. Looking at the notes here that Troy has taken on you, it looks like probably your Visa card is going to be the best. It should start with a four. How does your name appear on that? Now, all of a sudden, because how many of you have a middle initial on your credit cards? A lot of people. Hey, you know what? I don't know if I have it on. Let me, gosh, let me pull out my credit card. Yeah, great. Now, so I haven't asked them. Okay, I haven't asked them what's your credit card number, but you pulled your credit card out. It's sitting right in front of you. You're reading me your credit card. And you know what happens at that point? I just become an order taker. Great. What's the expiration date? What's the CVV code? Okay, read me the card number four digits at a time. It's a Visa card. It should start with a four. I'll read them back to you. Just very, very simple, very systematically that allows you to be able to do that. Everybody that comes into our program deals with Russell, Brent, and John. And if I've got somebody on the phone that is a complete pain in the neck for me, how pleasant are they going to be for Russell? It is Russell. And we go through some very specific qualifying questions. They've got to have the time. Guys, we don't magically build your stuff out for you. You've got to do the work. You've got to put in the time. You've got to put in the effort. You've got to do the things that we teach and train you how to do. If somebody doesn't have the time to put in and they're adamant about it, everybody has the time. There's other reasons. But if they're adamant about not having time, I'm going to bring somebody aboard the team. If I don't feel like somebody's coachable and teachable in my call with them, and I know in two weeks that person's going to be talking to me. If that person's going to be talking to Russell, Russell doesn't get mad. I've known Russell for eight years. He doesn't get mad. If Russell comes in and says, Robbie, why'd you sell that person? How dumb I feel. And it doesn't happen. But I've got to make sure that people are coachable, that they're teachable, that they believe in what I'm selling. And all those things, they're all part of the script. It's all in there. You just got to have somebody just read through it. It's all there in the black box coaching. Simon, this is your last one. Because it's my job as the program director as the closer to make sure that I'm bringing the right people aboard the team. You know, when the wrong person comes aboard the team and I set the deal, and Russell comes to me, because I oversee the call center. Russell comes to me and he goes, Robbie, why'd you bring this person? Hey, you know what? You better go talk to Troy. Troy, you better go talk to Kimberly closed it. So it's my job, my role to determine whether or not somebody is qualified for Russell's team, for Russell's program. You have to buy into your salespeople. Have to buy into this as a team. I played a lot of football. I played some semi pro football. And I played D-Line. I wasn't a pretty boy. I'd never fit that role. I didn't throw the ball or catch it. If I missed the guy coming through my gap and my linebacker gets him, he doesn't come up to me and say, Robbie, why do you suck? Why'd you miss that? Okay. I missed it. I got blocked out. So something happened. That did never happen. I get blocked out. If I would have got blocked out, okay? That all of a sudden, okay, that it's that team dynamic, that team atmosphere. And that's why with your salespeople, you really want them. Russell talked about it. Chet Holmes talks about it. One of the questions that I ask them all the time. And it sounds so funny because I feel like I'm a cousin Rico or Uncle Rico in Napoleon Dynamite. Hey, what did you do in high school? Okay. And not that I want to relive their high school experience, but I want to make sure that I've got somebody that knows how to work hard, that excelled in a sport that was passionate, that understood how to work on a team. I want that atmosphere. I'm looking for those things with my sales guys every single time. And it doesn't matter if it's football, basketball, chess club, debate team. I don't care what they did. I want something that they excelled in, that they know and understand how to excel, how to do it well, because that gives me that great person to build and grow a team with. All righty. They take more than 30 minutes, Russell. Okay. If any of you guys have any other questions, feel free to grab me. I've got to cut out. But guys, it really is a pleasure to be working with you. I'm so excited. And again, thank you for trusting me, trusting our team with your dreams, your goals, your passions, your emotions. We want and will help you to reach them. Thanks, guys. Do you guys like Robbie stuff? It's kind of good. I know he was touching upon the surface and wanted to go deeper. But those of you guys who are inside the inner circle, you know that you have access to the high ticket secrets training, which is where Robbie goes into excruciating detail of that. He has videos that actually train your salespeople. He shows you how to hire people. He goes through the entire script, the set script, the closed script, everything else. We want to get you guys excited and passionate about that part of it. And obviously, we can spend two days just on that part alone. So, all right. And so that's kind of showed. So far, you guys have seen kind of how we sell people in front of the value ladder. And now how we sell them on the back of the value ladder. Now we're going to be doing all this stuff in between. Okay. And so the first thing I want to walk you guys through is kind of our structure for how we write our sales letters. So anything that we're selling from $17 up to $97 or so, this is the script and this is the process we take somebody through. So kind of the beginning to middle of the value ladder. Now the first time I first learned this concept, probably eight years ago, eight or nine years ago, I had a chance to interview a guy named Vincent James. Anyone heard that interview here? David Eisner actually has the interview in his backpack. He showed me yesterday. We sold on these little MP3 players, free-plus shipping, and he still has the MP3 player. So Vince was amazing. He's a 28-year-old kid. He's older now, but at the time he was 28 years old. And one day he was trying to figure out how to make some money. He was in his mom's basement. He had a big pen, a pad of paper. He wrote a four-page sales letter with his pen, put it in the envelope, mailed it out, tripled over on the front end, and 18 months later had made $100 million selling a product. And just anyway, so I had a chance to interview this guy for six hours. He told me everything. It was like one of the coolest things. And if you listen to the interview, it was like my first interview ever. I'm scared to death. I'm like a little tiny kid asking this dude who made $100 million for all these questions. And he was gracious enough to let me talk to him for six hours, going through everything. And it was really, really cool to kind of hear and see what he did and everything. But one of the big ah-has I had from him was when he was talking about how he writes the sales letters. And he said that every single sales letter that I write follows three distinct parts. He said, I focus on a star, a story, and a solution. Okay, star, story, solution. So you just see as I go through this, I'm going to break it down into those three things. But the first picture of a star, next to story and solution. Okay, so the star in this sales video or sales letter, whatever you want to call it, is obviously the attractive character, right? The story is the story behind this character and what happened to them that brought them to the solution, which is your product. So that's kind of the hierarchy of, here's the hierarchy of what a sales letter looks like. Okay, and so that's what I wrote all of my sales letter for the last 10 years. So it's kind of based on that pattern, star, story, solution. I never had more guidance really than that. And I just kind of sit down and it took me years to get better and better and better at it. And eventually, I just kind of had this process that we do whenever we write copy. And because of this event and because of the book and because of everything, I've tried to break down and see what I do and why I do it and what other people do and why they do and try to figure it out. And based on three or four days of just dissecting as much copy and as much successful ads as possible, as it'll break down into these steps. And so I'm really excited to kind of go through it because this is the process that most of our sales letters and sales videos follow, almost to a T. And sometimes there's deviation, sometimes we change things, remove things, you don't have everything. But as a whole, this is the pretty close pattern. And so I would recommend this for any guys trying to write sales letters, use this as your initial control. If you want to tweak things or change things a little bit, you can. But the process works. Okay. All right, so I'm going to kind of go through this. So again, the first is the star. Now, the very first thing, and we talked about this a lot throughout this week so far, is that people are in their patterns, right? They're doing their thing over and over and over again. We've got to figure out how to interrupt their pattern. Okay. That's the first key. And so any video, any good videos got some kind of pattern interrupt at the very beginning to get them to kind of like, oh, what is this? One of the ones that, I don't know if we go or publishing was the first one to do, but they're the first one that's all doing on a big huge scale, is you come to their sales video. The first is like this big red screen. It's like warning, this is controversial, and like this video may be taken down at any time. It feels like one of those like warning screens, like you just walked in the wrong room or you did something wrong, right? And it's huge pattern interrupt. People are like, whoa, what just happened? It grabs you, a big pattern interrupt. Sometimes you pattern up with a headline. Sometimes if you've ever seen how John Benson writes his sales videos, they're always like, here's a picture of a goldfish. What do you think this goldfish has to do with you being fat? Let me show you. It's always these weird things like, what a goldfish. And I've seen like 8,000 people knock it off. Like one's like, hey, this is a starfish. What do you think a starfish has to do with you not getting chicks? Hey, this is like, everyone's got like this weird thing, right? And so that's one way to do pattern interrupts. Usually every good video has got to have some kind of pattern interrupt just to like, to get somebody to be like, whoa, this is different. I need to pay attention to this. And again, as you can think of a million different ones, but as you're watching other people's videos, look at how they do that. Watch how they do their pattern interrupts initially because they give you ideas for things you can tweak and test and try out on yours. The first is pattern interrupt. Now for me, the second thing I switched to initially is the core desires, which is very similar to like the primary question. Like what are my audience's core desires? And I want to ask them questions about that. Okay, I want to get them doing what? Trial closing it. Getting them nodding their head. Okay, so for our .com secrets X1, here are my core desire questions. I've got a quick question for you. You know, it's like 90% of my videos I'll start with, I've got a quick question for you. I don't know, that's something my style, I always do that way. I love it. It's just like for me, the best way to start a message. That's the way I do it. Have you ever wanted to work from home? Own your own business? Come on, you know, the one that you want, the lifestyle, the one that everyone talks about. Where you can work from home in your underwear or the beach with a laptop. Okay, so I'm asking these initial questions. Okay, if I was in weight loss space to be something like, let me ask you a question. Have you ever looked at that really good looking girl walking down the street and you're wondering why in the world she's got a six pack and you're overweight or whatever it is, right? Or for the guy, like, have you ever, like the truth about abs is his kind of initial thing he's talking about. When I was growing up, I was like this kid who I used to go to the locker room and see all these people with their six packs and I never had one and I was always jealous. Okay, so I was asking questions like, do you ever feel like that? Do you wish you had a six pack? Okay, so I'm always looking for those kind of questions initially because I want them to say, yeah, I wish I had a six pack. Yeah, I wish I had some more money. Yeah, I wish, whatever that thing that their primary question, their core desire, what is that thing? I want to start asking questions to get them saying, yeah, that's the issue I have. Yeah, that's the problem I have. That's the thing I want to solve. Okay, so that's the second place I'm going is core desire questions. Now, after that, I like to kind of start jabbing at them a little bit because everyone, every internet marketing video out there, any niche is always like promising the world, right? So I want to kind of, I want to show that I'm different and I do that by agitating their past failures. Kind of like showing them like you've probably tried this before, right? It didn't work. So if you look at my, our dot com secrets video, again, the example in the book says, so why hasn't this happened for you yet? Come on, admit it. This isn't the first time you've been looking for a proven way to make money, is it? When is it your turn? Okay, this isn't the first time you've tried to lose weight, is it? This isn't the first time you've tried to stop your pornography addiction, is it? This is not the first time you've tried to make money in your network marketing program, is it? No, it's not. Okay, my guess is the most of your customers that come to you, it's not the first time they've tried it what they're trying to do. Okay, this is a recurring thing. They've bought things before in the past. And so by calling them out on that, it makes them kind of think, it kind of sets you aside like, wow, maybe this is different because he's not just being like, you know, most guys try to, try to like act like this thing is the greatest thing in the world. And yours is, and it can be, but what's powerful and important is that you're identifying like, you probably tried other stuff. This isn't the first time you're here. I get that, you get that. Let me show you what we've got to, how we can help, help, help you accomplish the thing you're trying to do, right? So I was going to agitate past failures. And now I start switching over to, what's the big problem? What's the one thing? Okay, the entire core message of my sales letter, what's the one core thing I'm trying to do? Okay, every sales letter, every sales video, every webinar, everything's got one message. Every webinar, everything's got one core thing that you've got to focus on. Okay? Especially like, and I'll talk about that more in the webinar section, but you have one core thing and everything else is built around, around justifying, improving, and making that one thing true. Okay? So for .com Secrets X, our one core thing was list building. So that's what I introduced. Like, I'm going to show you guys a way that you can, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like, something about list building. Like, what's your big hook, your big promise? The one big thing that they're going to learn from this video, from your course, from your everything. Okay? So this is kind of where your first pitching and first plugging, your one thing we've been talking about all week. Okay? One big thing. And then after that, after I made this big promise, this is what you're going to learn. I say, hey, my name is Russell Brunson, and I want to welcome you to my website, whatever it is. This is where you start introducing yourself. Okay? And typically, you introduce yourself as an attractive character. So you'll see on the next slide that we start shifting to backstores. Usually what I'll say is, hey, my name is Russell Brunson, and I, and three years ago, I was exactly like you. Okay? This is kind of come back to the reluctant hero. You don't have to be a reluctant hero here. You can do whatever character makes sense for you. I usually go immediate reluctant hero here, just because reluctant hero is the one I think that most people empathize, emphasize, you know the word empathize. It's a T-H, not a P-E-R-S. That's a hard one. That's one of the most people empathize with the most. That's one I like to lead with initially. Okay? And so that's where I introduce an attractive character, and that's the beginning. Okay? Now typically, this is probably the first, maybe minute, minute half of my video. Okay? I'm introducing the star, and the biggest mistake I see a lot of people do is they start the video with, hey, my name is Russell Brunson, and I want to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay? You're not the most exciting thing in the video. Okay? We all think we are. That's why 99% of the videos I see out there, everyone's starting with introducing themselves, but you don't want to do that yet. Okay? You want to take them through this process first. Pattern interrupt, asking the core desire questions, agitate some of their past failures, the past attempts at fixing this problem, introduce the one big thing you're going to give them, and now introduce yourself. Okay? Now they're on a good stage. This is the pre-frame. This is the equivalent of me meeting a girl and having her friend introduce me because it's pre-frame me and preparing me so that when I come into the story, say, hey, my name is Russell Brunson, now they care. Here's the value ladder, right? So while the ideal place to take somebody through is initially through here and send them up, sometimes people come directly here. Okay? John runs ads every single day to get people just directly to apply for my inner circle. Okay? Now we're able to do that because he's targeting people. He's fishing from a pond that he knows likely prospects are going to be in, so we can go directly to here and we get sales from there all the time. In a perfect world, it's always going to go this way. Okay? So if I have a video right here and I'm selling a $37 product, and this is the video script I'm going to go through, a lot of times I'm going to drive traffic directly to here, especially if it converts. Okay? Ideally I'd rather start here and move up, but I use these tools, these pages, these things we're creating all over the time. Just like when we create automated webinars. In a perfect world, I'm selling that to my middle of my value ladder, but I'm also driving traffic directly to automated webinar because I'll make money on that as well. Does that make sense? Hopefully. Okay? So that is the initial, how we begin all of our videos like that. Alright? Okay, number two, now we transition over to the story. Remember, star story solution. And this is where it starts getting fun. This is the part where you start entertaining and educating and getting these guys all excited. So the first thing I do is, again, I just introduced the attractive character. I told them a couple of years ago I was just like you, and then boom, now we switch to a point of high drama. Okay? I learned this initially from Dagen Smith. Every good story starts at a point of high drama. Yeah? Yeah, same video. This is all weaving together into one thing. Yep. So Dagen was talking about me initially. He said that he's the most people who start a story. They're like, hey, let me tell you my story. I was walking down the street and then I got to the corner. I took a right and I started walking down and I saw the store and I walked in the store and I started buying my food. And also this dude jumps out with a gun and starts shooting me, right? Okay, now most people have lost interest by like the whole first half of your story. So if you want to tell a good story, you start with I was looking down the barrel of a gun. The bullet was, I could see the bullet in the chamber and the beads of sweat were dripping down my face. As the lump in my stomach started growing, I realized I'm about to die. Okay, start at the point of high drama. Then I can come back to the back story and be like, five minutes earlier I was walking down the road and da-da-da-da-da. But now I've hooked you, right? Think about the good movies. Good movies, you know it's the first like 30 seconds of a movie is usually the best part of the whole movie. Because they start at the point of high drama. They can suck you and initially they've got you forever. Okay, anybody remember seeing the movie Cliffhanger, Sylvester Stallone? I was a little kid, I don't know, like 10 year old, 12 year old, whatever I was when I first saw that. And I remember, I still this day remember the feeling because the show begins and there's like this big line across this huge cannon. And they're going across this line and all of a sudden the girl thing like starts breaking and starts falling. And she catches it and Sylvester Stallone comes out and tries to save her and they're fighting it. And for like three or four minutes of things happening, all of a sudden she falls to her death. Boom. I remember like vividly, I remember sitting there and looking at my hands and my hands were soaking wet. And I was like, we're going to watch this movie. Like this is awesome. Okay, that's the kind of experience you want somebody having at this point. Okay, you want to tell your story, you start at the point of high drama. Now the other thing I learned from Dagen when it comes to story selling that's really, really cool. He talked about how most of us when we tell stories, we haven't been taught how to tell stories the right way. We'll tell a story and we'll be like, we tell things at a very superficial level. So, for example, I was looking down the barrel of a gun. That's pretty good. But most people will move past that. And Dagen when he's talking, he's like, if you want to get people to have real emotional impact, you have to get past like the visual thing. Right, the visual is the gun is pointing at my face. That's powerful. What gets really powerful is when I start getting deeper, I start talking about the lump in my throat that happened and the beads of sweat down my face. And I literally, you know, all the emotions you're feeling was happening inside your body. What your face feels like, what your back, what your legs, you start sharing that part of it and suddenly you suck somebody in an emotional level. Okay. And most of us haven't ever done that way. But if you start doing that way, especially during this point of high drama where you can really bring out exactly what you're feeling in an internal state, that's where you really, people start feeling that. We were at an event a little while ago and we shared that concept and we were doing more of a workshop thing where we let people write that story and share it. And I remember the one, this girl's got up and she started sharing her story and she was showing her story about the day she found out she had cancer. And she started telling this thing. And it was like the most gripping story she ever told. And she was talking about the emotions she felt and the tears, the feeling of the tears going down her face. And I remember just sitting there like sick to my stomach. And I was like, wow, she got done telling the story and everyone in the room was just like, oh, you know, she had us all, every one of us. And that's what you got to do with this kind of story is you got to figure out how to take that high drama and not just tell it, but to make them feel it. Okay. All right. So it starts with high drama. You bring that. Then you shift back to the back story. How did you get to that point of high drama? Because this thing, you got a gun in your face. How did you get there? We need to know how we got there. And that's where you shift to the back story. Let me tell you how I got that spot because it's a really interesting story. It started here and went through it. Here's the chain of events that brought me up to that point. And eventually that chain of events, this back story is going to walk you into a wall. Boom. I hit this wall. Okay. And the wall, this is the same wall that your listeners are probably hitting as well. Okay. So if my product is about list building, I was trying to do all this stuff. Couldn't make my line, couldn't make my line. And all of a sudden I hit this wall where I realized kind of what the thing was, right? Or if it's weight loss, the wall is, I was trying all this stuff. I tried this, I tried this, I tried this, and boom, I hit this wall where I just, I couldn't progress any farther. Okay. Because I'm guessing that if they're there watching that video right now, you guys, they just hit the wall as well. Okay. The person with the pornography addiction, they see that video, they just hit the wall. And they're not sure they're coming to me yet. So I've got to meet them at the wall because their goal is to break through that wall. And if I can show them how I broke through the wall, they're going to have a little bit of hope. Okay. So I bring them to that wall. And the next step of this right here, after I've brought the wall, I got identified. Like, what's the real problem? I hit this wall and I realized that the problem wasn't that I didn't know how to make money online. The problem was that all the people who were making money online, they had a big email list. Like, everyone, I look at all the gurus, they all had email lists. And I was doing everything else they were saying, but the one thing that they were doing, I wasn't doing. Okay. That's for the list building one. For a weight loss one, I'm sure you guys could do that as well. Like, what's the problem? I tried everything and I realized that while all these other people were telling me this, this, this, this, and I was trying pills, I was trying all these things, the one thing I didn't realize is this. The real problem was I needed to eat less calories or carbs or whatever the kind of the problem, the thing you're trying to set them up for. So I'm identifying the problem. Now remember we talked about earlier about, about inception and creating inception in their minds? This is where that part begins. I'm identifying this problem and again, if they're hitting, if I was hitting the same wall they're hitting and I see the same problem that they're seeing, I'll start showing that problem to them, right? And they're starting to see it. I'm bringing them on this path. Now, typically, after I identify the problem, there's one of two, two directions I'm going to go. Okay. Then is the epiphany route where I had this epiphany. If I would just do this one thing, then everything else would work. Okay. So you're taking through an epiphany. And again, my goal is to get them to have that same epiphany with me. If they have that epiphany with me, then again, it becomes their thought. It's their, it's their idea. And now they're, now they're already pre-sold. So that's the epiphany route. Or the other way is the Declaration of Independence. I tried all this stuff and I got so frustrated, I decided I have to change right now. I have to lose weight. I have to make money. I have to stop my addiction. And the other thing I did was I made my Declaration of Independence. So either it's an idea they got or they got so pissed off that they decided they were going to declare their independence. That's typically one of the two directions I take things. Okay. The epiphany is usually the, again, the idea or declarations. I got so upset and angry, I knew that I had to change today. Okay. And again, that's where they're at right now. They know that they showed up and they have to make that change as well. Okay. So that's the next step we take them. All right. So after you've had this epiphany, I had that epiphany. Like I had to build a list or I had the declaration. And I have to lose weight. Okay. I made that stay. I made, I've drawn the line in the sand and I've stepped over it. Boom. Now I'm going on this journey. Okay. I'm going on this journey. I got to try to figure out some stuff. So the next part of my story is I start telling about the path I went on to find Ultimate Solution. So after I went through this whole thing and I lost and I realized I needed to lose weight, I went on this path. And so firstly it is I hired a trainer, then a chiropractor, then an acupuncturist. And this is nothing. And I'm taking this path of all the things I tried that didn't work. I tried this. I tried. I tried. I bought these e-books. They didn't work. I bought these diet programs. I took these magic pills and nothing seemed to work. I'm taking them on this path and tell something worked. Okay. I'm going to tell them about my path to finding this Ultimate Solution which in the end will be your product. Okay. But I finally had some success. I had a little bit of success with this one little thing. Okay. So what I'm showing is I'm showing them a little bit of hope. After all these things that I tried, which is probably the same things they tried, I had this little ray of hope. This is where this little hope came in and I'm opening this little spot of light for them. Okay. And I start sharing these are the first signs of success I had. When I realized that, I tried this thing and I lost five pounds in a week. That was the first time I'd lost weight forever. I tried this thing. I sent an email out and actually made money. First time I ever made money with my list. I tried this little thing and I had a little bit of success. Okay. So again, that glimmer of hope. And now what I like to do is after I've had that little bit of glimmer of hope, now I like to start pointing fingers at the other people, right? Because after I had that little bit of success, that's when I realized it was never my fault. The whole time it was weight loss companies fall. It was the big bad gurus. It was the big pharmacy companies. Somebody that you're target market who they also hate. That's when I start talking about the conspiracy because everybody believes it's some kind of conspiracy. They believe they're fat because of something else. They believe they're overweight. They believe that they're unhealthy. They believe that they're not making money. They believe that whatever it is you're trying to sell, they believe that because they think it's somebody else. We all love conspiracy theories. Anyone know who Alex Jones is? Okay. Big conspiracy theory guy. If you want to buy ads on his site, his audience buys everything. They're huge. They're rabid. They're crazy because people love conspiracies. Okay? So you kind of introduce this conspiracy. And they shift over to like, you have to understand that this whole thing is not your fault. Do you remember earlier today when I was sharing with you guys where are we at? Page 55, the beginning stuff of the inception. This is where the stuff's happening, right? Right now, I'm justifying their failures. Okay? This right here is justifying their failures. So this whole time that you've been fat and you've probably blamed yourself a little bit, maybe blamed your job, you maybe blamed whatever, but it's not your fault. People are like, you're right. It's not my fault. Like, you tell them it's not their fault. They're like, oh, good. Okay? I'm justifying their failures. It's not your fault. Okay? It's the big bad gurus. It's the weight loss companies. It's the drugs they put in your food. It's the programming, the TV. You got to blame it on something, something that they also believe in, because then you're shipped down to this is where we start throwing rocks at our enemies. Okay? So you got to figure out in your market, whoever you're selling to, who's the common enemy? Okay? I told you guys something day one. The best way to build a cult is to find the common enemy and throw rocks at him. So in this process, I got to find a common enemy. For my product, if I'm doing weight loss, who is the common enemy? If I make money, who's the common enemy? If it's basketball coaching, if it's tennis, if it's everyone's got different businesses, who's the common enemy that you're trying to unite against? This is where we start introducing that. Okay? The conspiracy theory is usually tied to the common enemy, and now we've got to blame someone else. I just told them it's not their fault, so whose fault is it? You find that person and we start throwing rocks at them. Isn't that image awesome? I was really proud of that one. Okay, did you guys see this? So if you come down the slide, I'm showing a little science success, and when I really, it got that success. That's when I realized it wasn't your fault. There's conspiracy, and here's your fault. Here's whose fault it is. We got to start casting common stones. Now they're like, yes, you're right. We're starting this little cult mentality. You guys have seen what people in cults do. Crazy stuff. They're not trying to create a cult, but you're trying to do all this stuff, because you're trying to get people to buy into you and to buy into this movement that you're creating. Now from there, after you call them out and they say, now look, now after I figured that out, after I realized that it was these guys fault that everything bad was happening to me, then I started having success. That's when I started having success and started growing, and let me show you all the stuff that started happening. I made more money. All the stuff started happening. This is where you're bragging about yourself. The problem is that just by the nature of who you are as the person who's doing the speaking to them, just by the nature of who you are, they're going to think that you're better than them and be like, well, you can do it because you're so-and-so. That's just the nature of people's minds. It works for him because blah, blah, blah, blah. After you've showed your own success, you have to show now. You have to make it real to them. But it didn't just work for me. I started showing other people. Let me show you case studies of what happened to this guy when I showed it to him. Then this guy, then this girl, I showed all these other people how well it worked and look what happened to them as well. Now they got faith that it's not just you because you're Superman. It's because all these other common people just like them had the exact same results. Man, this could actually work for me. You see how that works? Okay? So there's your rapid growth, your case studies. Next thing I'd like to drop in here is the hidden benefits. This is another one I learned from Dagan that I think is really, really cool where I come back and say, not only did these people lose a bunch of weight, the other thing that I didn't even realize was going to happen, the other hidden benefits is that now they had more energy. I had more energy to play with my kids. I had more time. I was able to date better looking people. I was able to make more. All these other hidden benefits that came because they made this change. I was like, wow, there's all this other cool stuff that's going to happen to me. My goal is to lose weight, but I'm also going to get girls. I'm going to get money. I'm going to get all these other things, all these hidden benefits I didn't even know about. So you add those hidden benefits and all of a sudden you're like, wow, this is even better than I thought. That is the story portion of the sales letter. You guys liking this so far? I love this stuff. Then we transition over to the solution. So the solution now is your product, your service, whatever it is you're going to sell. So now we come back and we just left off on hidden benefits. So now we come back. So because of all this stuff, we decided to develop or I decided to create or I invented or whatever this. This is the first formula deduction. That's why I created sassy grass drink. This is why I created, boom, whatever the thing is. This is why this is formula deduction to the product I'm trying to sell them. This is where the solution begins. As soon as I introduce the solution, so let's just say I'm going to use sassy grass because it's a tangible I can talk about. Here it is. Boom, here's the solution. There it is. Now I want to talk about the pain and the cost involved in that order for me to do it. Because I don't want them to be like, oh cool, I can go find green drink anywhere. I want you to come back and start showing like, this is awesome, but I got to tell you when I created this, it was so much harder than I thought it was going to be. It was really, really difficult. It cost me a ton of money, a ton of effort. I spent 20 hours a day researching and finding all the pain I had to go in to be able to develop this. It was a pain in the butt. I did it for you guys. That's why I did it. Right? Because I want to show that this is not some easy thing. Because if they think, oh cool, I can just do that as well, then you lost them. You need to add this in. This is something I learned from Perry Belcher, adding in the pain and the cost associated with the development of whatever this solution is. Then you switch back over to the happy part. But the cool thing is that now that I have this thing, now that I've got sassy grass, I can become healthy so much easier. Now I start introducing the ease. This is so easy now. And it's so fast now that I have it. So maybe that cost me a ton of money, a ton of energy, but now I can get all the same results super fast, super easy. Boom. Okay? Now for me, this is where I start introducing some of the benefits. Now you guys know how I feel about bullet points. I'm not really a bullet point thing, but I do believe in introducing benefits. And I call these so benefits because most people screw up when they say benefits. They're like, one of the benefits is that this sassy grass is really healthy. That's a benefit, right? Who cares? So I got to add so after it. This sassy grass is really healthy. So because of that, I can blah, blah, blah, blah. This healthy, this sassy grass also does this, this, this, and this so I can do da, da, da, da. The little magic word, so in there in the middle, that is the word. Whatever you tie after so, that's the magic of what makes a benefit powerful. Every time I look at someone's letter and they have these benefits, I always have to tie, as soon as you add a so to it, it just makes it magic. It switches it from being this like flat, stale thing to this magical thing. Okay? I usually do three or four so benefits. I don't do a ton of them, but I like having a couple of them in there. Then from there, I transition to social proof. Okay? So I show the benefits of this. Now when I took the solution, I gave it to Julie and she loved it. I gave it to Micah and she loved it and this person and here's a bunch of other people who liked it as well. It's really awesome. So more kind of case study stuff and more on the testimonials side, more on the social proof side. And then after social proof, now this is where I make the official offer. This is when I say, so I want to give you guys a chance to try your very first bottle of sassy grass. This stuff is awesome. Okay? So I make my first official offer. This is where usually I'm going to come. I'm going to say this is where I created boom and then I'm going to start trying to build value. Okay? This is like, if you look at a webinar, this is where you start saying, I'm going to do this and I'm going to add things and I'm going to give you bonuses and I'm going to give any of the extra things you're going to add in to make the offer a little bit better. And I would be very careful that you don't take away from the one thing. Okay? The one thing is still the core thing, but you can build value by that. I'm also going to give you this and this and this, but don't spend so much energy on that because I do not want to take focus off of the one thing. Any of the benefits and the value I'm going to add need to strengthen and support the one thing. It can't be like this whole other thing because then you have to explain the new thing and all this stuff. I want it, like for example, high ticket secrets. Like the product is high ticket secrets. We help you do this. Okay? Then my adding value is and I'm going to give you guys all the sales, all of our sales scripts and I'm going to give you the video training where Robbie trains the guys and I'm going to give you the ads we run to find new sales people and I'm giving some quick things that strengthen the initial sale. But I'm not saying and I'm going to show you guys how to drive traffic. Okay? So I'm going to say, wait, what? You know, it's completely different. I just want my value add to strengthen the one thing that this whole message is tied around. Does that make sense? Okay? Adding value. Then I introduce the fake price. If you add up all this stuff, it's going to be $10 million. Now I know you guys are going to be like, I feel like I use car salesman or else I don't want to do that. And I get that, but if you want to make money, you have to be okay doing that. Okay? You normally say, so right now the product is this plus I have to give you all these bonuses. So the total value that's going to be, and boom, I got to give them a high price. And the reason why is I have to anchor that price in their head. I have to show them that this is actually worth this much. Because they're not going to make me $37. I think it's worth $37. But they think it's worth $1,000 and I sell for $37. I'm going to buy it all day long. Okay? So I have to anchor that price, a bigger price in their mind. And as cheesy as it sounds, I remember the second time I spoke from stage, I was embarrassed about doing this. And so I didn't and my pitch was even like, I'm not going to do that cheesy thing when people do inject the price up and bring it down. My price is $1,000. And I tried to sell and I got zero sales. Humiliating. I literally walked off the side, snuck out the door and ran out to my hotel room and stayed at the rest of the event. Because I was so embarrassed. Okay? I would rather do a little cheesy stuff and make money than not make sales and feel embarrassed. Okay? So it's okay to do that. Is that right? Okay. Introduce the fake price. Now after you introduce the fake price, then we come back to the if-all statements. And we're going to talk about this in the webinar section as well. But the if-all statements are really, really powerful because I just gave them this price, this high ticket price. Now I need to justify that price. So what I do is most people, they share the high price. They're like, oh, but don't worry. Don't worry. I'm not going to sell for that. They get nervous right? I can't get nervous. I have to stand on my ground and say, okay, here's the price. Now obviously I'm not going to charge you guys that, but before we move on, I want to ask you a question. If all this product did was help you to blank, typically, first one is something that helps you move towards pleasure, all this thing did is help you to finally live in the house of your dreams. Would it be worth it? People would be like, yeah, that would be worth it. Cool. Now if all this thing did was give you the ability to finally fire your boss away from pain, as much as their pleasure or pain person, if I want to touch both of them, if all this thing did was help you to fire your boss, would it be worth it? Yeah, it would be worth $1,000. If I could fire my boss for $1,000, that would be awesome. Boom, I got him. Now that price I gave them, that price is worth it to them. If all is right after I do the price hike, then from there I say, okay, now I'm going to come back and that's not actually the price, as you know. I'm not going to give it to you for $1,000. I'm not going to give you $500, not even $100, because I care about you guys. I'm going to give it to you for just $37. It's going to be awesome. Rebuild the price. Now I come back after that and say, now, a lot of you guys, even at $37, you're going to be nervous and I get that. There's a lot of scam artists on the internet, so I'm going to do a really cool guarantee. I want to make sure you're successful with this and I want to make sure that you take that leap of faith with me. So I'm going to give you a guarantee. The guarantee is you can test this out, blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever your guarantee is. Boom, now you got a guarantee. Now I got to start injecting some scarcity, because the guarantee may feel really comfortable like, okay, cool, nothing bad is going to happen. They start getting complacent again. It's not going to inject some scarcity again. Even though I'm going to guarantee you guys, this is not going to be around forever. There's a very limited number of people I can work with, very limited number of people I can give this to. If I give it to everybody, the whole world's going to be skinny. We can't have the whole world skinny. We need some bigger people. Whatever your scarcity is. That's liberals. That's those liberals. If we give this, if we give sassy grass to everyone, the liberals are going to feel great. Then we're screwed. You got to inject. Because of that, we're only giving it to the first X amount of people, or when they're gone, they're gone. It costs me, I can only earn a thousand these at a time. It takes me six weeks to get new stuff in stock. I have some in stock now, when they're gone, they're gone, whatever it is. We inject our scarcity. Now I got some scarcity. Now what I want to do is this future-pacing stuff I talked about earlier. Before we go on, guys, I just want you to imagine what your life's going to be like when you and your kids and your husband and everybody is drinking sassy grass. They're drinking it, they're feeling more healthy, they're feeling happier, you have more energy. When you wake up in the morning, you don't feel tired, you're excited about the day, you make more money at work, all these other things. Just imagine what it's going to be like. It's not going to be awesome. They're way better than you are right now. We can get you there, I promise you. Just imagine that for a second. Now after you've imagined that, go down and click the button to order. Give them the first call to action. Go and click the button in order. Now after I've told them to go click the button in order, there's going to be people who are starting to click. A lot of people are still kind of sitting there. What I like to do is what I like to do is what I would call post selling. We see you guys are going to order now. For those of you who already ordered, I want to tell you what to expect now. If they haven't ordered yet, I'm kind of excluding them. If you just started the order process, let me tell you what you're about to experience. So they kind of, all of a sudden, they feel like they got left out. You're like, okay, so this is what's going to happen. You get the members there, the first thing you're going to see is this. Then you're going to learn this. Then I'm going to show you this and all these kind of things. They feel like they missed out. They haven't started signing up. They're like, oh man, I need to get in. The people who have started the process are like, oh cool, this is the cool stuff I'm getting. I like to speak to the people who are already ordering the product. This is what's happening. All of a sudden they're like, oh man, I need in. Then from there, I switch over to the takeaway. I come back. I just talk about everything that's happening and they come back and I have all these people behind me like, hey guys, this is the deal. You're still sitting here. You're still on the fence trying to wonder what to do. My favorite takeaway pitch, I use it in half my sales letters. I learned it from Johan Mock. He goes, look guys, this whole process is not about me making any money off you. I don't care if you buy this thing or not. It does not matter to me at all. Whether you buy this or not, I'm going to be making a ton of money. I'm going to be eating steak and sushi. You live in the dream life, doing whatever I want. It doesn't even matter. It's not about me. Tomorrow, if you don't buy this, you're still going to be broke. If you don't buy this tomorrow, you're still going to be fat. I got a six pack. I feel healthy. I feel great. It doesn't even matter to me. This is about you. I got to warn you this is not going to be here forever because I'm helping people right now, but I got a lot of stuff I got to do. This is here now. It's on the table. It's going to be gone soon. That's my takeaway selling my warning. I closed the reminder. I just want to remind you guys that when you sign up today, you're going to get access to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Click on the button now to get started and I'll see you on the next page. Very cool. This is a tool you guys, I hope you can use a lot. Literally, I would recommend keeping this book on your desk all the time. When we sit down and write a sales message, really just open it up. Just be like, okay, boom. What's my pattern interrupt going to be? All right. What's my core desires? Boom, boom, boom, boom. How am I going to say it past failures? Boom. What's my big problem? What's my one thing? What's the big problem? Boom. Can't even introduce myself. You go through, boom. Just keep going through. Literally, this is the script I follow, guys. I've been spending my head forever and now it's kind of out on paper. I went from taking on average a week to two weeks to an entire sales letter. Now I can usually do it in two or three hours. We just created this last week. Now I have this. I think I can just speed up the process even more because it was me every time trying to remember, what's the next logical step? Okay, now I'm going to start casting stones at people. I was doing this, but now that, again, for me enough notes, this tool is awesome for me. I think it's something that will help you guys crank out copy really, really fast as well. This is a front-end video sales letter for somebody for a new thing. The next page, turn your page over. The next presentation I'm going through is the OTO. The OTO script is completely different even if the product is exactly the same. If I'm going from a free plus shipping and my first upsell video would never be this. This is a front-end video where I'm driving traffic to this front-end video because you're 100% right. If somebody's bought a free plus shipping offer, I don't need to go through this whole process with them. They've already said the first yes. The second yes is a million times easier. We'll just jump right into this because the question, so you set me up perfect. I appreciate it. Yeah. No, but you are 100% right. I relearned this lesson recently. We did an offer and I had my front-end thing. It converted great. Then the upsell, I had the entire sales video like this where, excuse me, I'm reselling everybody on the whole thing and it bombed. I was like, what's going on? One of my friends, luckily, Tim Urwe, he bought the thing and then he saw the thing and he emailed me. He's like, man, this is awesome. He's like, but your upsell video sucked. I was like, what do you mean? He's like, well, it was a good video, but he's like, I already said yes, man. He's like, I just needed you to push me a little bit to get the next thing. I was like, really? And so I went back and I started looking at the videos that didn't look successful and the ones that bombed. And sure enough, I found this really cool common thread. The ones that were successful all followed this script right here. So this is our upsell script. So if you're going from free plus shipping to your next thing or you're going from the $37.97 product to the next thing, whatever it is, this is the next-sink script. It's the OTO bump. It's on page 83. Does that make sense what he's asking you guys? Do you all get what he's saying? Okay. So if I... It just takes five minutes to get someone to buy something. Yeah. So here's my free plus shipping or here's my $37 to $97 product or here's my $19.97 webinar, whatever it is. There's a script for this. That was the first script, the who, what, why, where. This was the script, star story solution. This is the webinar script we'll be doing next. The next thing after any of these, so whatever the next thing is, is the OTO bump. Okay. So I'm not going from here to here. I'm going from here to here or here to here or here to here. I'm glad you brought that up though. Yeah. So who-it-wares like this is this script for free plus shipping or dollar trials or very short, low barrier of entry purchases. Exactly. Yeah. So that's what my who-it-why-wear script is. And I will go a little more expensive to like the $37.97, maybe the $197 range. I'm using star story solution. And I go high ticket, anything from $500 to $2,000 and do the webinar script we'll be covering next. Cool. And then OTO bump. So after somebody said the very first yes on any of these things, then again now that they've said yes, now it's very simple to get them to say the second yes. Okay. And so it's a very shorter process. The second video shouldn't be any longer than three to five minutes. If you're doing a 20 minute video, a 20 minute upsell video, you're losing tons and tons of people. Okay. So this is how our OTO bump script typically works. The very first section of it is, let me just put it there live. The very first thing I'm doing is I'm confirming their initial decision. Congratulations. Thank you so much for ordering your very first bottle of sassy grass. And I probably should put this in there. Because the other thing is I need to keep that loop open. I might add that to the graphic. So I'm confirming the initial decision and keeping the loop open. So congratulations on buying your very first bottle of sassy grass. You were going to love it. But don't go anywhere because, but wait, your order's not yet completed. Remember we were talking about that yesterday, two days ago, how if I close the loop, the conversions drop. So I want to keep that loop open. So I might add that. And the second part of the script is like, before you go on, I want to find out if you'd be interested in, this is called the 3x2x, which basically stands for, I'm going to 3x results twice as fast. So you bought this because you're trying to get more healthy. I'm going to show you a really quick way to get three times the results, or sorry, three times results in half as long, twice the speed. So I'm usually, and again, this will tweak depending on if your upsell is not necessarily speeding up their process. But most good upsells, you're going to take whatever they bought to the next level. It's the next thing we talked about. So you just bought this thing. I'm going to show you how to do this better, faster, whatever. Then I come back, and now I have to come back to them, and I want to make them feel really, really good about the initial purchase. Because the worst thing an upsell can do, and I've seen this happen all the time, people are like, you just bought this thing, but it doesn't actually work unless you buy this next thing. The best way to make your customers want to kill you really, really fast. And people do it all the time. It just drives me crazy. So I want to make sure that they realize that what they just bought was amazing. It is going to change your life like I told them initially. And so I want to confirm that. You are one of the smartest people in the world. And the reason why is because you saw the value of what Sassay and Graskit do for you. You saw how the benefits, you saw how it's going to help your family, saw all this stuff. You're really, really smart. But I want to ask you a question. How would you like to have me help you do it faster or better? How would you like to have more information? How would you like to do whatever the next thing is? I'm introducing that. And then I come back, and I want to make them feel special, and they should feel special. And they offer you're making them on this page should be special. They can buy the same thing, they're exact same price somewhere else that's not right. That's what we call these special one-time offers. One of the worst things I think you can do, I've had three or four people ask me this weekend, I keep selling them my offers if they miss it. I don't do that because I feel like this is a special one-time offer that they get right now. So I make them a really good offer right now. And so I tell them this is an exclusive offer just for people who bought Dotcom's Secret Slabs. This is an exclusive offer only for people who just bought Sassay and Graskit. I want them to feel exclusive. This is the cool thing that nobody else is getting. I like even going to the point of saying like, in fact if you go to whatever.com you'll see I sell this normally for this price. But because you're here right now I got this exclusive deal, this exclusive price and you're going to love it. So your upsells convert really well. Then I transition over to what makes this upsell better. Usually it's something that's going to make you get your end goal faster, you get better results, whatever it might be, whatever that next thing is going to do for them. This is what we kind of tell you. This is all the stuff that's going to get. And now I introduce what's the one thing the upsell is going to do. What's the one core thing of the upsell. Very simple. So if you get this upsell, for Dotcom's Secret Slabs, a big thing is like you were smart because you knew you needed faster to increase your conversions. But the best way to increase your conversions or the best way to make more money is to start getting more traffic to your website. So I'm going to show you guys a way to get more traffic faster, better, easier. That's what we're going to do. And so the one thing I'm going to show you guys now is how to get more traffic through my new traffic program, whatever it is. My folks down the one thing, and I kind of share this is what that one thing is. It's going to be more traffic, it's going to be better traffic, and I kind of explain what that is and why it's exciting and why they need it. Then after I introduce that one thing again, then I come back to future casting. Can you guys imagine what it's going to do for your business? Well, literally you're able to double the amount of traffic you get without spending any more time or energy or effort. What will that do for you? Okay? How much more money can you make from that? Without extra money, whose life can you affect? How many more people can you help? Whatever your goals are, what can you do with that? So I future cast again, then I come down and give a call to action. So all you got to do to add this to your order right now is click on this button and instantly will add this to your order, you get it right away. Okay? Call to action. Then I come back, I guarantee again. Okay? And don't worry just like all my offers, you're a very special, you're a very cool guarantee. If you don't like it for whatever reason, in the next 30 days let me know and I won't bill you a penny. And also because you're taking action right now I'm going to give you some more stuff. So here's a value stack. I'm also going to give you this and this and this. Again just like the initial value stack, I'm not going to give them new things. I don't have time to explain all those things. This video needs to be more compact. But I'm saying what else can compliment the one thing? Okay? I'm pushing to get this and this and this, really quick thing. But a nice amount of one time offers of scarcity is built in. But this offer is only available right here, right now on this page. If you ever wanted to get in the future, you got to go to my site over here where it's twice as much money. Or you got to rebuy this product. It's just like right now it's half off but it's only half off right now. So if you leave this page, it's gone forever. Let me know if you want it right now. Okay? This is my scarcity. Then I give them a call to action again. And I'm not doing the five testimonials about this product. I'm doing a testimonial rush. And I'm so sure about it or excuse me, after a second call to action then I'm like, let me show other people have had success this as well. And I show a couple of videos person after person after person after person and then maybe I'll do one more call to action at the end and that's kind of it. You see how the sales process is a lot shorter. They already said yes. They already got sold in the concept. The idea, whatever it is, all I have to do is just show them enough value in this next thing, the next one thing, how it's going to help them achieve whatever they already are. They already committed to me that, hey Russell, I want to increase my conversions which is going to make me more money. Okay? I made that commitment. I've already said the first yes. I'm going to say, conversion, do you want traffic? All right, cool. I'll do that as well. And say yes to that, hey, do you want this as well? All right, sure. I'll do that as well. Okay? So that's kind of what we're doing is just increasing and making the initial purchase better. And so because that script is very short and easy. Any questions about the Bump script? Yeah. So this is my personal opinion and a lot of people don't do this. But my own personal opinion, remember we talked yesterday a lot about when I'm building something, I have two goals. I have my point of sale funnel, right? And then I have my back end funnels. Okay, so my point of sale funnel, my entire goal, like we said, you guys remember is to break even, right? If I can break even my traffic cost, I just won here. So I'll have my front end, I'll have my OTO, whatever it is. Now for me personally, I hate tying continuity into any piece of this because continuity is either going to be a really, really, really good experience or really, really, really bad experience. So I personally hate tying continuity ever into the point of sale initial funnel. It always turns out bad for me. When I used to do free plus shipping, we always do forced continuity, it hurt. When I did upsells continuity, it is, so I don't, person like that. Now I would say half of my industry put continuity in here and they do it that way. I just don't like it. I think it, anyway, that's my goal. My goal is just put a dollar in and get a dollar back out. Now over here, after we've gone, remember we talked about this like, like earlier we were talking about, we're buying traffic, we're trying to get somebody in initially and we're doing like the best sales process we possibly can. But after we get them in, now they know us, they like us, they trust us, they have attractive character stuff. And from here, I like creating, again, my high ticket stuff I'm selling, I have a continuity program back here I'm selling, things like that where I don't have to sell as aggressively as I do up here. It's more like, hey guys, here's this really cool thing I got, come over here and buy it, it's my continuity program. And I don't have to sell as hard because again, the attractive characters, they know me, they like me, they trust me. People will know it's a continuity program because I'm selling a continuity program. I'm not selling a sneaky thing that's kind of getting them in, you know what I mean? It's not kind of my personal philosophy, but like I said, I see tons of people who hook continuity and upsell and hook it in different places, but I just, in the mastermind group two days ago or three days ago or whatever that first thing was, we talked a lot about, there's a book I read a while ago called The Ultimate Question. And the ultimate question, I remember I read this book back when we were doing all these like forced continuity, free plus shipping stuff and getting all these people in continuity. And the book talks about the difference between good profits and bad profits. It talks about like cell phone companies, like for example, I use AT&T forever, right? I had them and I hated them, but I never canceled, I was faithful for like five or six years and they were charging us like insane amounts of money. So finally, I decided to switch over, I called the cancel and they're like, oh, you shouldn't be on this data plan anyway, you should have been paying half what you were paying. And we'll drop the price and they started like chopping, they tried to give me like this crazy deal to stay. I was like, if I haven't been overpaying for like five years, why wouldn't you have somebody on your team call me? Obviously they're not going to do that because it takes away their profits. But is that good profit or bad profit? It's a bad profit, right? And that's what I felt when I read that book, I felt like this big ol' homerhead and like, yeah, people are signing for these continuity programs, they're getting in. But just by the fact that all these people are calling and canceling and they're upset and that things are happening, I'm like, is the good profits or bad profits? Okay? And so for me, I want to, I want my business, I want to be able to sleep good at night, I want to come to an event and not feel guilty being here. I want to make sure that when I'm selling stuff, there's good profits versus bad profits. I think my personal belief is adding continuity into an initial point of selling thing, first introduction. Most people are not going to know they're on continuity, no matter how much you put it in the fine printer, anywhere, they're not going to know and it's just, it's not good profits. I want to focus on good profits versus bad profits. So that's my personal belief. There are much more aggressive ways to do it. It'll probably make you a lot more money short term, but I promise you long term, good profits will make you more money long term. Yeah.