Okay, before we get started, I wanted to tell you guys about a cool experience that happened yesterday in our mastermind group. So we had our group that paid $25,000 a month in yesterday morning in, I guess it was this room, that was chopped in half. So we were right here hanging out in our mastermind group. And one of our members, Walter, had been working on his front end project for a little while and we challenged him. I said, hey, if you can go tonight, go back to your hotel room and create your entire front end free plus shipping offer tonight. Before you come back tomorrow morning, I'll give you $100. And guess what, guys? You got it all done. Let's give him a round of applause. There you go. So and that should be symbolic for all you guys. Getting crap done makes you money all day long. I promise you that. So I'm excited for him. He's coming a long way and we got a lot of cool stuff we're going to do with him. So I wanted to start today, or this session in this entire event, kind of with this concept because the internet's really changed how business is done. It's not the same now as it used to be back when I was a kid at all. It's changed a lot. And I think one of the big differentiators from those who are making a little bit of money online, those making a lot of money online, is this concept we're going to talk about called the attractive character. And some of you guys have heard me talk about it before, but I got some really cool new things to share about it. Now the first time I ever heard this concept, I was in an event and I heard this dude get up on stage and he started talking about his business and he was in the how to pick up chicks market. Anyone here in the how to pick up chicks market? Usually we have a couple, none of them. Well that was his whole business, right? And his name is John Allinus and he's awesome. He's one of my close friend now. He's spoken at three or four of our events on this topic. And it had a huge impact on me. He got in there and he said, look guys, he's like, I don't normally teach marketing training, but he's like, what I teach is I teach guys how to present themselves in a way to get women to come to them. For the men in the room, who would like to have women just walk up to you and start hitting on you? So one thing that's a good example of an irresistible offer, right? That's like, don't just change yourself and women will come flock to you. So that's kind of his big, big hook. He said, look, the concepts I teach my men about how to get women to come to them is exactly the same stuff I'm going to talk to you guys about today. It's the same, the laws of attraction are the same. If you create and present yourself in a certain way, people will be attracted to you, just like you'd want a girl to be attracted to you. If you want clients and customers and people to work with to be attracted to you, there's a certain way you create your persona to do that. And so that was the first time I ever talked, I'd never heard someone talk about it. And what's interesting is when he kind of went through the concepts, it was the first time that I realized that from the success I had had at that point, I was doing some of the stuff that I didn't even know was happening. And after I realized what was working, I started kind of reverse engineering it and trying to do a bunch of stuff. And now it makes us a ton of money. And I think it's, again, the kind of the first foundational stone I think any kind of internet business needs to know and to understand is how to create and develop your own attractive character. So one thing we're going to do is we're going to go through this worksheet here in a minute. It should be inside of all your guys' books. Well the last time I taught this, there was a guy named Mark Call in the room. And after I was done, Mark called so that he'd paid over $25,000 to learn this stuff that we broke down in this one little handout here. So he said, I literally, if I'd not paid these other guys already, I'd have paid you $25,000 for that piece of paper. So to put that in perspective, what you're going to learn in this session is worth a lot if you take and actually apply it and to use it. So before I show you, though, I want to talk about some people. Here's a guy named Jacob Hiller. Who's ever heard of Jacob before? A couple of you guys, the ClickBank crew. So Jacob is a cool guy. So when he was in college, well actually when he was born, his arms were like a little bit shorter than most people. Like his wingspan's not quite as long, right? And so when he jumped, he could never dunk. And it really bothered him. Like how come I can't dunk? In fact, we did this thing where we stood next to each other. And I think my hands, my wingspan was longer than him. And I think we're about the same height, but he could dunk. And he's like, it always bugged me that I had these shorter arms and I couldn't dunk. And so my whole life, I was passionate about learning how to jump better. So I did exercises and things, and I just became obsessed with learning how to jump higher. And just like I was talking about, that was his superpower. I got to figure out how to make myself jump higher. And then the internet came around, and he saw YouTube, and he's like, I'm going to make videos teaching people how to jump higher. Because that's what I'm doing all day. Let's just record it and put it out there. So he started making videos of himself jumping and showing what he was doing, and all the stretches and the exercises and all these things he was doing to increase his vertical. And he made videos and videos for probably a year, two years, he was just making videos with no intent to ever make money. He was just trying to share his value with the world. I tried to help people out. And what happened is his following on YouTube started getting bigger and bigger and bigger. The basketball players started following him. The football players, all these athletes started following him because he was showing all this free, cool stuff, and they just loved it, and they were getting more and more value out of it. And eventually he had, I don't know, the numbers, 40, 50,000 people on YouTube who were following him. And getting all this stuff for free, and he's like, hey, I got an idea. What if I took all this stuff I'm teaching him and I sold it to him instead? And so he had that idea, and he came out and he created a video, a book called The Jump Manual. And what's interesting about this, and the reason I want to tell you guys his story, he started with his platform first, right? And he didn't know what he was doing, but he was building out his platform. Okay? We're going to be stressing a lot of that throughout this session, is just building out your platform. He built this platform. He had an audience, okay? He has an audience. He's talking to you every single day, and all of a sudden he's like, hey, guys, I want to sell you something. What happens? It becomes really easy to sell stuff. So he created the Jump Manual. He started selling it. And to kind of put this in perspective, I think right now, last time I haven't talked to him for a while, but last time I looked at they were doing anywhere from $1,500 to $3,000 a day every single day selling this little jumping book, okay? It teaches people how to jump higher. Anyone here know how to jump? Okay? BJ can jump. It's interesting. Now, Jacob was smart, and he kind of crafted a lifestyle around this, okay? He got this thing that's working, he was making money. He already had a platform. He was teaching people what he loves, what he's passionate about. And Jacob and his wife, now they're a child here, they haven't had a home in, I think, six years, five or six years now. What they do is they open up like an Atlas River, and they pick a country. They're like, hey, let's move to China today. And they'll pack up all their stuff, and they fly to China, and they live there for three months. And they get to know the people. He jumps with the Chinese people and makes videos and talks about it. And three months later, he's like, okay, we're bored, where should we go now? Let's go to Kenya. And they pack up, they fly to Kenya, and for five years, that's how they lived their life. He was in Kenya, making videos of him jumping with the Mossimara village people, and makes videos showing people, and then goes next place, next place. He's got a blog that documents him going all these different places, and they literally live out these two cases and have for over five years now, and they've traveled all around the entire world. It's one of the most fascinating things in the world, and this little business he's created has completely funded the entire thing. Okay? What's cool about this is, again, he didn't come in, this is what I talked about a little earlier last session, he didn't come in like, I gotta make money, I gotta make money. I'm gonna make this jumping e-book. And then I'm gonna say, that was not his core desire. His core desire was, how do I serve people? How do I, what can I give? What can I do? When we did that, he started building a following, he got a platform, and he was able to sell people stuff on that platform, right? Okay? Another example, this is now more of a traditional business. I've never seen this guy before, Gary Vaynerchuk. Okay? So Gary's story is really interesting. So Gary, and this is probably eight years ago now or so, maybe ten, I don't even know how long, but his family owned a wine business. Okay? His dad owned a wine store, he worked there his whole life growing up, and the wine business was doing about three million dollars a year. Okay? Then this whole internet thing came about, and Gary's like, I got some ideas, I'm passionate about wine, I like talking about wine, I'm gonna make a wine show. So it's called Wine Library TV. We went on, started making these little videos that were just ghetto videos, like iPhone style videos, probably pre-iPhone, and every single day he did a show talking about wine, drinking wine, talking, smelling it, all that weird stuff people do with wine, right? And just started doing that, and guess what happened? People like him were attracted to him, and they started listening to him, and started following him, and eventually he built a following of hundreds of thousands of millions of people, and his little tiny wine shop went from making three million dollars a year to forty-five million dollars a year through his attractive character. This attractive character, and I'm gonna show you a bunch of examples, it's literally like you can attach this to any business, and it's like putting it on steroids. Like you take something that's selling, kind of do it right, and just like fires it up and helps it grow really, really rapidly. Okay? And again, it all came from him just sharing his passion and his excitement and his energy about wine. And he ran that for, I think, four or five years, and he shut it down, and he started a marketing company, he was doing the exact same thing, come out there and just sharing his passion, doing it, and just building a platform, which then people come and they buy stuff. What's interesting is with his show, he doesn't even sell wine on it, he's just talking about wine all the time, and because he's there, people come and they start buying this stuff, they seek him out because he's the attractive character. Another good example is someone named Oprah Winfrey, anyone heard her before? Oprah's a really cool example, because when she grew up in her life, I don't know if you guys read her story, I reread it this last week, because it was interesting. Her mom was a young teen when she was born, she went through a horrible life, just all sorts of trials after trials after trials, and then she got on a local news station and people just fell in love with her, with her character, the whole attractive character thing that she put out there. And eventually, just from her being passionate, being who she is, she was able to go through the ranks, eventually where she created the show, the Oprah Show. Anyone ever seen the show, Oprah before? None of the guys raised their hand, none of the women. You guys never seen Oprah, are you kidding me? And then after that she went on and created the Oprah Winfrey network. Now it's interesting, if you look at what Oprah did, and you look at the phenomenon, there were people I met who went on her show back when she was the Oprah Show, and they would pitch their book, and they'd pitch their product, and literally companies would go out of business because they'd get so many sales so fast, because she's like, oh this is my favorite blah, and all of a sudden the entire world went and buy the thing, and companies would go bankrupt because they couldn't handle all the orders that were coming in. They called it the Oprah Effect, because she had this big following, this big attractive character, all this stuff, and she would share it, and people would buy it. You look at like, and this is kind of the long-term vision for all you guys, the short term is we got to start building you guys platforms. That's the first part. The long term, when you own your own platform, what's cool is you can start spinning off brands. And I heard a doctor Phil, Dr. Oz, these are all people that she brought on her show, she made them who they are, she spun them off, and I'm not positive, but I'm pretty dang sure that she's getting cut off every single thing any of those people make. Then she created the Oprah Winfrey Network, all these shows that are going on, she's making money off all of these different deals. So the long-term plan is you got to build your own distribution, build your own network, your own brand, and from there you can do all sorts of stuff. You know the things we talked about yesterday, which I low as she was talking about, so after I build my brand, I can sell all sorts of stuff. I sell all sorts of things now. I can sell this, and I can do all sorts of stuff because I have my own distribution channel. I have my own brand. And so that's kind of the key. That's one of the big things, if you understand, is the core goal of what we're doing is building a distribution channel. If you look at internet marketing, we're going to talk a lot about this over the next couple of days, but one of our main goals is to build a list, right? Build a big email list. What is an email list? Audience. It's an audience, it's a platform. We're getting closer. It's on the board. It's a distribution channel, right? If I was Oprah, my distribution channel is TV. I get on TV, I pitch a product, and boom, we sell a whole bunch of stuff. For me, I don't have my own TV show, but I got my own list. It's my distribution channel. I started thinking about things as a distribution channel, and it changed my focus. You think about Gary Vaynerchuk, when he was selling wine, that show was his distribution channel. Anyone here watch the show Shark Tank? It was interesting. If you watch Shark Tank, and BJ Vi have actually had this conversation, I think you might have been the first brought to my attention, but you look at the deals, right? You've got Damon John up there, and Damon's the clothing guy, right? All the deals that come his way, I guess this one's Damon only pays attention to. Some guy's like, hey, I made this really cool shirt, and he's like, oh, cool. Damon gives the guy money. Why does he give him money? Because Damon's got this distribution channel that's built. All he does is like, here is $100,000. He calls this guy, hands him off to here, and boom, he makes a million, and he just walks away. It doesn't have to do anything. When Kevin Harrington was on the show, what was his distribution channel? Infomercials. So he sits there and he watches his offers, like, nope, nope, that one working infomercial. He gives him some money, hands it off, and he's done. Because he's got a distribution channel already in place. Lori, same thing. She's got QVC. If a product were working QVC, she takes it, why? Because it's a distribution channel. All those guys have their distribution channels, and you look at why they take offers, it has 100% to do with, do I already have a distribution channel I can plug this into? That's it. That's all they look at. So if you guys are getting this, the biggest goal, the biggest thing you guys can be focusing on is building a distribution channel. Because when you have that, you can do anything. I'm sure you have a lot of different ways you can do that. You can do it through an email list, you can do it through a YouTube channel, you can do it through your blog. There's tons of ways to do it. But the main goal is we've got to have those distribution channels. Because it makes it so that, literally, someone come to me and give me any product, and I can turn into cash that fast because I have existing distribution channels I can just plug it into. And I want that for you guys as well. So a couple of examples that people may have heard of. So again, distribution channels first, and the way that we build that typically is around an attractive character. So this is an example of a software company. A couple of their products, Kiss Metrics and Crazy Egg. Anybody ever heard of these products before? If you look at Kiss Metrics, for example, the entire sales process is one headline. That's the entire thing. And I think that the lowest thing is like three or five grand a month to buy it. Who here wants to go buy their product? You don't know what it is. Well, we got one guy. But no one knows what it is, right? Crazy Egg, they did a little better job selling. But they're not that good at selling. But they got this dude named Neil Patel, who's awesome. You look at an attractive character, Neil's like an attractive character. Now, Neil's not very good at emailing. He sucks at Facebook, horrible at videos. But Neil is awesome at blogging. And every single day, he wakes up and he writes a blog post. And he writes it. And he writes so good that a couple hundred thousand people get it. And it's so good that all of us are like, check this out. We post it on Facebook. And we do all this marketing for him. And we start spreading his message because it's so good. And every day he posts one blog post a day. It's all he does every single day. And he's taken by talking marketing principles. And then he's like, oh, by the way, my software does that. Oh, by the way, it does this. And built these huge, multi-multi-million-dollar companies off of that. So Neil's not selling whatsoever just putting his attractive character out there to launch a software business. So if any of you guys have a software business or think about a software business, that's one thing, but you attach an attractive character to it. It's like steroids. It makes it explode. It makes it grow really, really fast. Here's another one. This is how this works in a fast food company. I'm sure you guys have been to Subway before. Subway used to be a fast food restaurant, just like McDonald's, Burger King, everything else. And they were really struggling. They couldn't compete with the rest of them. And one day they met this dude who was like 800 pounds. His name is Jared. And Jared did nothing but eat Subway for two years straight and went from this guy to this guy. And someone in Subway was smart enough to look at that and say, you know what? We can reinvent ourselves not as a fast food restaurant like everybody else, but we can become a weight loss plan. You realize that fast, like Subway is different than everything else because they're not a fast food restaurant. They're a weight loss plan. And for 10 plus years, this guy Jared's been on every single commercial and he's the attractive character. Right? People who are struggling to lose weight, they see this and look at Jared and say, wow, look what he did. I want to do that. It worked for him. It's got to work for me. And that attractive character is what's made Subway as big and as awesome as they are. And I don't think their food's even that good. Like compared to like Quiznos, Quiznos tastes way better. Right? But what's Quiznos ever? Like, who's Quiznos? Like, it's Toasty? Yeah, is that an attractive character? No. But there's this dude who's selling like not that good tasting food. In fact, I read this whole article, it was crazy about like how bad Subway's food actually is for you. Like it's like killing people, but it helps Jared. So it's got to help you, right? Okay. Yeah, it's bad news. But this is like the power of an attractive character, okay? In a fast food restaurant. Okay? Movies. Think about movies like Ocean's 12 is a good example, right? Who here knew the premise before they went into that movie? Who here knew that all those people were in it and you're like, holy crap, one of those people that you probably like a lot, right? Everyone's got a favorite. Matt Damon's like, my man. That guy's awesome. The movie's in, I want to see. The rest of them are like, all right, for me, but he's like my favorite person. Some of you guys are Brad Pitt fans. Some of you guys are Julia Roddy. Like, they jump, there are a whole bunch of attractive characters in the movie and people show up, right? You hear people like, oh yeah, I want to go see that new Tom Hanks movie. What's it called? I don't know, Tom Hanks is in. I want to go see it. How often does that happen? All the time, right? You make a crappy movie, throw an A-level celebrity, attractive character, wherever you want to call it, and suddenly that movie becomes awesome. Suddenly people start showing up. Okay? You can have crappy products, you guys, and as long as there's an attractive character, people will show up. Okay? Think about all the bad movies you've been to. Here's another one, Insurance. Okay? Geno Flow is the highest paid, what's it called, brand person right now in the world. She makes crazy money, and there are actual, I think John was telling me this, there's like Facebook groups about people that hate her, like millions of people who are like protesting her and banning her and want her dead, and she makes so much money. Okay? This little stupid gecko, an attractive character, right? The caveman, like think about how Geico uses this attractive character stuff, right? All the time, okay? It works for selling insurance. So this is Rachel Jackson, anyone here know Rachel? So two years ago, guess what? Rachel was sitting in one of these seats, just like you guys. Talked about attractive character, she put herself out there, and she started building this brand and this following, all these people fell in love with her. And one day, she's like, you know what? There's this really cool company over here called Vysalis. They have a weight loss thing. I really like that. So she took herself and her brand into Vysalis and boom, exploded. Here's her and her husband getting a check for $250,000. I don't know if she's the number one money owner, she might not be, but she's made millions and millions of dollars in the last two years through this company. She built a platform, she built her attractive character, and then she decided where she wanted to take it. This is the vehicle she put it in and boom, overnight exploded. And a lot of you guys are into network marketing. So these are all things. People always come to me and the first thing is like, hey, network marketing is a great example. I'm in this company. Like how do I sell this company? I'm like, the first step is you don't sell the company. Forget about the company. The company's an afterthought. Nobody cares about that. No one's going to follow you and join you and take you, go into the company because of the company. They're going to follow you and join you because of you. You look at all the successful leaders in any of the companies, what do they have? They've got a following. They've got a distribution channel. They can take people whatever they want. Last was hard about network marketing is most people don't have that. So it's like, how do you replicate that? I got 100,000 followers. When we won the Ferrari, the Pecure Leverage came out. It's a good company. They had the giveaway of Ferrari. I promoted it, took my followers there, made a bunch of money, got a Ferrari. But no one else can do that. They could, but they got to do these other steps first. You got to build your following first and you can do whatever you want. You can literally use this to sell anything, you guys. Here's an example of a guy named Howard Stern. We're going to talk about controversy, but Howard is a great example of an attractive character. Whether you like him or you hate him, who here likes him? Who here hates him? We're about 50-50. It doesn't matter if you like him or hate him, you're talking about him. If you look at what's interesting is that he's got such a big following. When he first went on Serious Radio, they give him like a $20 or $30 million dollar year contract just to show up. Now he's on there. There's eyeballs, there's people, and all of a sudden you can sell anything through that. He's made millions of dollars just advertising on his show because just completely unrelated products just because there's eyeballs, there's viewership. There's people I know who don't sell anything, but because they're so attractive, some people coming and watching their videos or talking about whatever it is, some people in front of them, sponsorships come to them. People begging them to buy ads on the side. You can make millions of dollars, not even ever selling anything, as long as you are an attractive character and you get that excitement, that engagement. Another interesting thing, you guys, guess why most of you guys are here right now. I'm guessing you didn't come because you heard there was some seminar on Boise, right? We use this every single day in all of our businesses. When I first heard this initially, this whole concept from John Allinus, he was talking about it, and I started thinking about my business. Prior to that, when I first started my business, I was wrestling at Boise State. I'd just gotten married and I was telling a lot of stories about my wrestling stuff. When I would go to events like this and I would go and I would speak and I would sell at events, I would notice that the people who would come and buy for me in the back of the room, it was like 99% of them were like me. It was weird. They come back and they're like, hey man, I was an athlete too. I played football. Hey man, I did. And whatever stories I told, they were like the same as me. And those people that followed me, the people that bought from me. And then a couple years later is when my wife and I were trying to get pregnant. And some of you guys have probably seen this video. We're not going to watch it. This is one of the videos that Jonathan did for us. But I told our story about fertility and the whole process we went through. So I remember the very first time I was at a seminar and I wasn't planning on saying it because it was kind of a private thing for us. But for whatever reason I was talking, and sometimes when you're on stage, things just start coming out. And I apologize this weekend. I'm sure things are going to come out. And you guys are going to be like, that guy is weird. But some things start coming out sometimes, right? And it's also that I start telling the story. I'm like, oh crap. But it's like already out and people are smiling and just got to show off at that point. So I'm telling this whole story about our struggle with trying to have kids and going through fertility and everything that happened in relation to that. And then I finished my presentation and I sold something at the end. What was interesting is I remember going to the back of the room and all these people, you guys have been at seminars before, right? We sell them and it runs to the back. I'm not going to do that here unless she has one of me too. But I used to speak a lot of those. And I remember going to the back of the room and there was me and there was all these couples back there and all these women, so many women who were like, man, I struggled with that too. And my audience changed. And I was like, wow, it's just interesting how different that is. And then fast forward a couple of years later, we sold a lot of products that like Russell's face on it, right? And got our same audience. And one day we have two of our friends and one of them's in the room right now. And we did this big contest and we gave away a Corvette. Does anyone remember that? Zans Spencer won the Corvette from us, him and his wife. And so they did, they created this hairbow business teaching people how to tie hair bows and they're making 20 or 30 grand a month and ran it for a bunch of years. They recently sold it. And anyway, they did this thing, right? And so we wanted to like, we gave them a Corvette. We want to brag about it. We had to make back my 60 or 70 grand it cost to buy this Corvette, right? So we did a whole product launch kind of around their story and what happened and what we did. And they were like a brand new newlywed couple. They won this Corvette. They traveled around the country and everything. And so we sold that one out there. And then what was interesting is the next event we did kind of like this, in the audience there was like six or seven couples of newlywed couples sitting in the audience. I was like, how weird is that? Just the fact that I used their story got those people to sit in the room. That's just, it was really fascinating to me. So I started thinking like, what other things can I share? And so a little while later we launched a product called Microcontinuity. And kind of like this event, this event Jonathan was saying, it's like it's interesting like how we're probably like 95% men and a couple of women here. And that's how a lot of my events are. I guess women don't think I'm very attractive apparently. But the men love me. So anyway, we were, see this is one of those things just come out that I should have, can I rewind that? Anyway, and so we're doing this product launch Microcontinuity and one of the people that had done it was a girl named Joy Anderson. She had done, had tons of success with it. So we featured her story instead of my own. Kind of like Subway. Instead of talking about the owner of Subway, we talked about Jared. So I talked about Joy. I'm like, look what Joy did with the system, how great she didn't told her whole story. And the next event we came to literally was 50-50, half women, half men. And we surveyed people, they ended up to find out what it was that got them to come to the event. And almost every single woman word for word wrote out, I want to be Joy Anderson. I was like, isn't that interesting? So what you're putting out there you guys is going to attract different people. And so when you understand that, you can start architecting that and creating things to make sure you get the right kind of person coming through this. Okay? All right. So again, the goal and the key with this whole thing is you create a distribution channel, but that happens around the attractive character. Okay? So each of you guys are going to have to learn, we're going to teach you right now how to become an attractive character. Now what's cool about this is that even 10 years ago this was not possible. Okay? It did not work. Okay? And the reason why it was too expensive. Oprah was able to get on TV and do it because she went through this process, took her years and years here, she got on TV. Now she's got this distribution channel, but for most of us, I'm not going to get on TV. It's too hard, right? And so for a long time it was not possible, but the internet has made it possible for all of us to become internet famous. All of us become celebrities in our own little space. Okay? People like, because of things like YouTube. In fact, I was showing Troy this this morning. I was driving in. I shouldn't be driving while I'm on my phone, but. And my wife did have me sign the Oprah pledge. So I'm totally, I don't know if I can find it real quick. I'm not going to be able to find it. There was this video and Mark Joyner posted it and he was like, he's like, this is the most motivational video I've ever seen. You should watch this. I'm like, I'm driving in. I'm going to watch this motivational video. I click on it and there's this little handicap kid. Troy, is Troy still here? Do you walk out? Okay, this little handicap kid in a wheelchair with a headband on. And I was like, all right. So I click play and this is guy and he's, like, at first I was really confused. Like, is this going to be inappropriate? What's going to happen? You know, and he starts like yelling and it's called like workout Wednesdays. I haven't seen this guy before. He's like, it's workout Wednesdays and he's yelling and he's screaming. He's motivating and he's literally a handicap guy in the wheelchair and he's like trying to work out his wheelchair and, and like, I was laughing so hard. He was like the most entertaining, funny thing. I'm laughing and, and he's like, like making fun of himself and then throwing like these motivational things and, and the story line. Like it's amazing, right? And I was like crying. I was literally crying when I'm watching this and I clicked the next. I'm watching like three or four while I'm driving here tears down my eyes, hoping not to get in a wreck before this event today. And I was like, this guy is amazing. I look down at his views and every single video I just watched had over a million views on it. I was like, this dude, despite all of his challenges and whatever in his life, has understood this principle. He's built a distribution channel. He's got a million people watching each of his videos. He's done over a hundred videos now. I was checking out this morning. We're a hundred videos, huge following. I don't know what he's selling. He might not be selling anything, but if he wanted to, he could. He's got the distribution channel first. Okay. So for you guys, it all starts first off with this, the attractive character. And we're gonna talk about next about for each of you, what distribution, what are you gonna build? It's gonna be email, it's gonna be blogs. Everyone's gonna be different. But right now, the biggest key is you gotta understand how to build that attractive character. So a couple of things, first off with each of you guys, because this is gonna be the hardest part about building attractive character. And I've seen it every single time, is that whatever is special about you is so second nature to you that you don't think is worth any value. I'm gonna pick on Walter again. I hope you don't mind, but I think it's important. So I was talking to him the very first call we did. And we're trying to figure out what's the right angle for him, the right niche and everything. And he kind of blows up, he's like, well, I'm like, what is stuff you do? What are you passionate about? He's like, well, I'm a vegetarian. I kind of do vegan stuff. And I'm a cook, and I cook a lot of stuff. And over the last five years, I've learned a whole bunch of lazy ways to cook vegetarian food, which is really easy. And it kind of rolls on. I'm like, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm like, dude, that's awesome. It's like me, for example, I've tried to be vegetarian five times. It usually lasts about a day, one time I made it two days. But it's hard. Has anyone tried it before? It is really, really, really hard because what do you cook in like, you go to the grocery store and there's celery. You're like, all right, and avocados are good. But after a day, celery and avocado, what else is there? And I don't know what to do. And he's like, I got lazy way. I just cook a lot of really good food that way. I'm like, dude, I would right now write you a check for that information. But for him, it's second nature. Didn't even think about it. Right? All of us have these things. We have these superpowers. There's second nature to us. Like, think about X-Men, right? These guys can fly. It's not a big deal for them to fly into their little kid. If I could fly, I would give a lot of money for that, right? All you guys have superpowers. I'm going to pick on Suzy over here. So Kimberly first met her driving a taxi. She was driving a taxi over to her office, Kimberly. And they were talking, and she's like, Kimberly's talking about what she does. And she's like, oh yeah, well, I sprout my own grains. And then I make all the stuff out of them. And everyone in our office is health conscious. And we're like, you can sprout your own grain. Like, this is the most fascinating thing in the world. And she's like, oh yeah, it's not a big deal. It's really easy. And I'm like, that's a superpower. Like, what you have, people will pay a lot of money for. And I promise you, for most of you guys, that's going to be the biggest holdup. Because whatever your superpower is, it's so second nature to you that you're just blowing it off right now. But I promise you, there's people who will do anything in the world to pay you for that information. What you know right now. It doesn't have to be something that you don't have to be the best in the world. That's the other thing is like, well, I'm not the best in the world. You don't have to be the best in the world. You just have to be better than everybody else out there. And the majority of people out there, I don't know anything about it. As long as you can teach me how to do something better than carrots and avocados, I'll pay you. You just got to be a little better than me. Anyone ever seen the movie Catch Me If You Can? So really good movie. But part of the movie they didn't share that was in the book is, what's the guy that Leo played with his real name, remember? It's a true story. Anyway, whatever his name is, Avignail. Yes, so if you read the book version of it, part of the book, and I wish I would show this in the movie because it's fascinating, but he actually went to BYU down in Utah. And he showed up to class one day and there was no teacher there. So he's like, all right, so he walks up, grabs the book, opens it up, and starts teaching the class. Teaches his prior first day class. And then he taught the next day. And he teaches the entire semester before they catch him and realize that you're a student. What are you doing teaching the class? And it's like an advanced class, right? And they're like, first off, why did you do that? And second off, how did you know the material? I guess what he said. I just read the chapter ahead. No one's reading the chapter ahead. As long as you know one chapter ahead of everybody else, you're the expert. It's very important to understand you guys. All of this thing, like even Walter, we're talking to him. He's like, oh, I got to learn this. I'm like, no, no, no, no. Everything you know right now is perfect. You can add stuff later. But what do you know right now? That's what I want to buy right now. Don't wait a month, a week, a year for you to learn more and become better. You're perfect the way you are. And you're going to evolve. You're going to get better. You got to understand the way you have right now is of value today. You do not need to wait for a day, a week, a month, or a year. You're like, today. It's very important, you guys. I promise you, this is what's going to keep a lot of you guys from doing this. You're going to be worried about it. All right. So we're going to slip over to the attractive character handout here. So this is kind of the key to this whole thing, you guys. This took me studying and learning and testing and practicing forever to be able to break this down into these are the kind of the core things. All right. So we've got elements on the side, identity on the other side, and the storylines down below. Again, this is foundational. We're going to be talking about tomorrow during the sales stuff and on Saturday about the emails. Everything is going to tie back to this concept. So it's important to understand it. And you'll see throughout the weekend how everything kind of weaves back to it. So the first thing, the first element that every good attractive character has is a backstory. Think about this from comic books you read, from movies, from fiction books, like from anything that you've looked at that you've been entertaining in your life. They always have a good backstory. Right? You guys like the show Incredibles? It was interesting. That's like my favorite cartoon ever. None of our kids like it. It's so weird. But Incredibles, like, the show starts like the two minute beginning of the backstory about having to meet superheroes and they lose everything and then boom, it starts their real life. Everyone's got to have a good backstory. Every good movie, every good character, they all have a good backstory. The reason why the backstory is so important is because right now whatever you're selling, I don't care if you're selling insurance, if you're selling information, coaching, supplements, whatever you're selling, you're taking somebody on a journey. They want to be where you're at, otherwise why would they give you money? For our neuropathy supplement, people are in pain. Their hands and their legs are tingling in their pain. And if I tell them this is going to work, they're not going to believe it. But I have an attractive character who says, this is my backstory. I had pain just like you. I did this. Now my pain's gone. Guess what happens? They start buying it. They believe that. And so every good character has a backstory. One thing Dan Kennedy taught me, he called this the guru on the mountain. So there's this guru on the mountain. And each of you has the attractive character, the guru, whatever you want to call yourself. You're this guru on the mountain. And you want people who want to send up to you. We're going to talk more about that this week. But you want people to send up to you. But the problem is they see this guru on the mountain and they're like, eh, that guy's awesome. I can never get there. They're not going to want to be where you're at. The only way they want to be with that, they often know that you walked in their steps at one point. Your backstory is to tell them I was just like you. If you're selling weight loss stuff, it helps a ton if you used to be overweight. Or if you used to struggle with things. You can say, I was in the exact same spot you were. Let me show you what I did over here. Come on, follow me. And people are like, all right, I want to follow you. Okay? It's key. All you guys have a good backstory. Now, sometimes we wonder what do we share in our backstory? What things are okay to share, what things should we not share? It really comes back to what things serve the purpose. What things are going to bring you to the same level as the people you're trying to serve. Okay? I don't come to these events and dress in a suit and tie and everything because first off, that's not me. But second off, I want you guys to feel like I'm like you. Because if you believe that you're just like me and you are, it's more like you're going to come and follow me. Right? If I'm like this, you know, like back in the day, the stage presentation always be the guys in suits and ties and all slick. Like, that stuff doesn't work as well anymore. Like, what works is like being real and being who we are. And so you guys have heard my backstory multiple times because I'm trying to show you, man, this is, I was in the exact same spot. Come with me. Come on, let's do this stuff together. Okay? So backstory is key. Number two is parables. Okay? All good teachers teach in parables. Okay? If you think of the greatest teacher, I don't care what religion you are, but the greatest teacher of all time was Christ. Right? And he taught in parables every single time for a lot of different reasons. Okay? I would suggest that one of the main reasons why he did it is because when you hear something in a parable, you remember it. Okay? I'm sure you guys have noticed throughout today already and throughout the rest of the week you'll notice even more. I always share things in parables. Okay? I told you, what was the first one I did earlier? I even called it out as a parable. When I was talking about Dr. Murley's class. Right? Dr. Murley's class. So the reason why I told you that parable, that was a story for my life. It's very true. But that story was to illustrate the point that this is going to be hard work, but it's a lot easier than the other alternative. Right? And so what I do is every time in my life something cool happens to me, I'm like, how could I use that? Like, what's a parable? Like, how could I use that as a parable? Okay? Sean pinched testing me and telling me I'm fat was a parable I used to teach guys about measuring. I used to talk about measuring for like an hour and you'd be like, this sucks. I hate Russell. I hope he dies. But I tell you a story about me being fat, you gig a little bit and also you relate to that and you will remember that forever. Okay? I think I probably told at least five or six parables today and we're not even at lunch time so far. So for each of you guys, you got to start thinking about all these different experiences you've had in your life and what are the parables you have that can illustrate a point that's going to help drive someone to take the action that you want them to take? Okay? And sometimes it takes a little while. And at first it'll take you a while to kind of remember some of the ones in the past. But then moving forward, I want you to, when things happen to you, remember those things and write them down like, oh, I can use that in a teaching situation. Okay? And you share that, excuse me, you share that parable, people are now going to remember that concept way, way better. Okay? It makes you a better teacher. It makes you more memorable. It makes you more prolific. There's a whole bunch of reasons why. But it's just, it's a key. Okay? Look at all of the good attractive characters, all the gurus you've fallen, whatever space you're in, I promise you they all have, they all have parables they share. Okay? And so I would recommend tonight, tomorrow, and just start trying to list out as many as you can because I have pages of different parables. And a lot of times, like I'll speak at events that I don't even know they're going to come out, but I've written them down, be in the past, and also I'll say something and I'm like, oh, that parable, if I share that story right now, it's going to help them. So I'll bring that parable out, boom, share it. Okay? And so those things are just using all the time. So make sure you have parables. All right. Number three is character flaws. Okay? This is also going to be very hard for most of you guys. It's hard to like share our flaws with people, right? Okay? But it's important because nobody wants to follow someone who's perfect. Okay? You see someone who's perfect, it's like, ah, I can't be her. I can't be him. It's not like me. Like, that guy's awesome. Okay? The more I show you that I'm real, the more likely you are to follow me. Okay? Look at every good character in TV, they all have character flaws. Even Superman, the person who is completely invincible, you put him around kryptonite, he dies. Okay? He's got a character flaw. If he didn't have that character flaw, he's Superman. Like, what's the point of watching a movie? He can't not win. But as soon as you introduce a character flaw, it gets interesting. Okay? It was interesting. If you look at like, like the different, the different comic book heroes throughout time, the ones that have the biggest traction and stuff, the ones with the character flaws always do better. Superman struggled more so than like Batman, who's got tons of character flaws, right? But if you look at who here saw the most recent Superman movie. Okay? I was kind of nervous. I'm like, typically like, I wasn't that excited to go see it. But what they did, I think one of the best jobs of, to illustrate character flaws is when they told Superman's backstory, do you notice how, how, because they couldn't talk about his physical flaws because he's invincible, right? But instead they, they, they harped on these emotional flaws, like this insecurities that Superman had as a kid growing up. And what was interesting is that by the, by the time the movie, you know, backstory was in place, you felt all his insecurities with him, you felt his stuff. And so when he accomplished and he conquered, you're like, yes, like you felt that with him, right? Typically in a Superman movie, you don't because he's just, he's a man of still, he's invincible, who cares? Okay? It's the same way with your audience, you guys. As soon as you're willing to open up and share your character flaws, man, people will start relating to you and start coming to you. It's, it's a key and it's hard to do. Nobody likes to share their flaws with people. I promise you that. Okay? But the more you're willing to kind of open those things up, the more likely they are to, to come in. All right. The number four is polarity. So polarity is the opposite of neutrality. Okay? The other issue most you guys are going to have is you're going to be really, really nervous about offending anybody, right? Because I don't want to offend people. That's just the way human nature is. We don't want to offend people. But if you look at the people who are really, really successful, one, like, commentate in almost all of them is how polar they are. They have very strong beliefs one direction or the other. They, they have these, they're, they're very polarizing. Let's say, call them. They're very polarizing. Um, because neutrality is boring. If you, if you are completely neutral and you never disagree or do anything wrong, like, you're just boring. No one's going to listen to you. It's like Switzerland, right? Like, what, like, they're so neutral. Like, what side are you on? I don't know. Like, leave us alone. Like, okay. You know, we look at other countries where there's, there's polar, like, all of a sudden it's interesting, right? Um, now, now what's going to be hard, and again, this is something you guys are going to have to learn, learn to, to work with, because it's hard. Really hard for me when I first kind of encountered is, when you are, when you cause polarity, two things happen. A group of people will become obsessed with you and love you and fall you and give you a ton of money. Okay, if you're neutral, they won't do that. But as soon as you're polar, they will. Okay? But polarity is, it happens on both sides. So as soon as you do that, there's going to be group of people who suddenly start hating you. And it's hard. Okay? If you ever, who's ever Googled my name online before? Okay? So, the polar opposites are the two loudest people, right? And they're both there. I love Russell, I hate Russell. Like, they're both there. Okay? So as soon as you become polar, there's going to be negative people that fight against you. You're going to be scared and you're going to walk away and you're going to, and it's hard. That's why it's important to have support people in between you and your customers, because if you read every single support email that comes through, you'll quit trying. I promise you. I almost quit four or five times when I first got started. Because I'm out there trying to serve people the best I can. And people are sending me angry emails. I'm like, are you serious? Like, I'm trying to help you. And they're angry. It'll happen no matter what you're doing. No matter how much good in the world you're doing, people will get angry. Okay? Not to be, again, biblical, but you look at Christ. They crucified Him. Okay? And all He was doing was there to serve. And it's the same thing, you guys, with you. Like, the more you try to give, the more polar you are, the more you're doing that. You'll get lovers and people who will follow you to the end of the world and you'll get people who hate you. And you have to be okay with that. Okay? And that's going to be a hard part for a lot of you guys. It was super hard for me. In fact, it was really hard for my wife. Like, remember, the first time she Googled my name, it was like, I'm being like, whoa, what's happening? Like, freaking out, right? And I was trying to explain. I'm like, well, like, sometimes you got to ruffle some feathers to get people to pay attention, right? That's part of it. And I remember, she really struggled with it until the first time I went to a Tony Robbins event. Anyone here been to Tony Robbins' event? Man, if you guys haven't, like, make it a point to go soon before he loses voice completely, because it's one of the most life-transforming things you'll ever go through. But I remember going to that, I went through this entire experience and I mean, my wife and I both went and it was just an amazing thing. And it was just like, man, look how much good he's doing for us and for the world, how many people he's changed. And then towards the end, he talked about, kind of about this concept, talked about how like, like, the more good you do, the more you try to serve people, the more people are going to resist. And he talked about how, you know, just people are negative against him. He said, why do people do that? Why do people go and we're trying to help? Why do they come and fight against you? And what he said was really profound, I thought. He said, you look at, there's two ways to build the biggest building in town. One is to go out there and work your butt off and lay brick after brick after brick and build the biggest building in town. Second way to build the biggest building in town is knock down all the other buildings around you. Okay? And so there's two ways to do it. One is to work your butt off and one is to knock things down. It's ways you knock things down. That's what people will do to you when you put yourself out there. And it's going to be scary at first, you guys, but I promise you it's worth it because when you, again, you can't affect and change and help people when you're neutral. And as soon as you're willing to be a little polar, you'll be able to get your followers who will follow you and you'll be able to help them and serve them at a level you can't otherwise. I promise you that. And it's okay to be, to have some of those things. You think about, I mean, again, Howard Stern's like a perfect example of that, right? He's offending people like crazy, but man, how many people are falling in? I was reading an article or something one time about him and they did this interview where they interviewed people that listened to Howard Stern for more than an hour at a time and, or they interviewed people who liked Howard Stern and hated Howard Stern. And they interviewed, they had all these polls and stuff. It was like, how often do you listen? And people that liked him listened for like, I don't know, 43 minutes on average and people who hated him was like 45 minutes. Like they listened longer. And then both people were like, why do you listen to him for so long every single day? And both of them said the exact same thing. I wanted to hear what he was going to say next. Okay? And that's what's got to be with you guys, you guys. If you want to stay relevant, especially in this noisy internet world where things are happening and moving all the time, you have to stay relevant. And you do that by, by taking a stand in things and being a little bit, a little, having some polarity. Okay? I've been doing this now for over a decade. In the last 10 years, and I've been friends with people in, in most of the different niches and verticals, I can tell you how many of the gurus, wherever you want to call them, have come and disappeared and they don't stay relevant. I think the biggest reason why they don't stay relevant is they come in and they, they're neutral and people forget about them. It's so easy to be forgotten online. If I don't email my list for two weeks, my response drops in half. Is that crazy? Two weeks. I think you guys will figure out my name. So I've got to be relevant all the time in front of you. I've got to be doing new things, new ideas. I've got to be shocking. Like, whatever I can do to stay relevant, and it all ties into all these elements of attractive character. Okay? All right. Okay, now we're switched over to the identity. So the elements of the, of the attractive character, these are things that all of you guys need to have. Okay? And in your workbook, you've got spots that I recommend tonight or whenever you have to sit down. Sit down and start thinking about your back story. What's the parts you're going to share? What makes sense? What leads people to where you want to go? Okay? That's firstly. The first thing that's really terrible is you can think of. Character flaws, things you're willing to share that somehow draw people closer to you. And then polarity. What are the things that you're, that you're passionate about? You know we're going to piss some people off, but you're going to do it anyway just because you care. Okay? So that's the thing. So all the elements are you. Now the identity, typically, you're going to, you're going to take on one of these identities. You're not going to, you're not going to be all of these things. Okay? But you're going to take one of these. Now you can, throughout your life, you can, throughout your career, whatever you want to call it. You can shift different types of identities, but typically you're one identity at a time. Okay? So some examples. The first identity is the leader. Okay? That's pretty self-explanatory. The leader is the person. I'm the leader. Come follow me. Let's go do some stuff. Okay? A lot of the people you buy from, that's, you think about that. That's the leadership one, right? Pretty simple. Next, so I think in your notebook, I put an example of a leader be like Donald Trump. Okay? I'm Donald Trump. I'm the richest man in the world. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Like this is me, right? Next one is the adventurer, the crusader. This is someone that's more like, I'm successful and spy of it all. I just want to have parties and have fun. Okay? Look at the person in your book for this is like Richard Branson. Super successful, but like, he's not like a leader, but he's like, this guy is awesome. He's doing cool stuff. I just want to follow him, right? This guy's awesome. I want to do whatever he's doing. Okay? The next one is the reporter, the evangelist. Okay? Now, a hint on this one. For a lot of you guys, if you're just getting started or in your business, this is probably the easiest one to begin with. When I got started, my business is where I began with, is being the reporter. Okay? I put in your book for a reporter, I put Larry King. Okay? Larry King, what's he good at? Nobody really knows about Oprah. What's Oprah good at? I don't know. Like, I don't really know, but what she's good at is interviewing, right? So when I got started in this business, I didn't know internet marketing and I couldn't afford it in a marketing course. So I was like, hey, guys, I did it. What if I go to all these people that are selling all these courses and I interview them, but what they're doing, they'll always get it for free? That's a good idea, right? I was too dumb to know that was not probably a good idea. So I called all these guys up and interviewed them. They gave me all the best stuff for free and I was interviewing all these people and what was cool is I would probably these interviews and it'd be like me with Guru A, right? And then me with Guru B, me with Guru C and pretty soon people see me with that guy and that guy and that guy and then they're like, man, this guy must know what he's talking about and suddenly like, oh, look at me. Okay? It's really interesting how you can do that. So a lot of times, if you don't have a brand yet, you don't have a following, you can leverage other people and start out kind of the reporter. Okay? Tons of different people that have launched businesses, that's the core way they've started. Yeah? So I'll repeat that for the camera. What he was basically asking was for someone who's built a platform already and maybe they've come in with like a leader or whatever and now they want to get the next level, like would it be a wise thing or it would be smart to do is to leverage like the reporter evangelist to go to a level higher than you and to go bring in experts at that level to help rise yourself to that next status and to be able to tap into their communities, right? Yeah. The answer is definitely yes. You can shift between things. You can use different tools for sure and that's a very, very smart thing to use. In fact, in our business, I was telling our group yesterday about this a little bit, but right now we've got a pretty big following of people we're selling to and I was the same thing like, how do I get my tentacles out into more people's audiences? Like I want to suck all their customers into me, right? And so one of the strategies we're doing is we're doing these interviews with the same thing with experts, people that either my level or above my level, whatever I want to encourage people to have a following and I'm doing these interviews with them. They're really, really cool. And then like for example, I did with Natasha the day-to-day. So she's got her audience that are branded people that are branding and like she's got a really cool audience and I want to tap into her audience. So I'm doing a podcast, we interview her and when it's done, I'll put up online and all of a sudden like her face and my face are there together and we're kind of co-branded and I can advertise on Facebook to her following. They see her and me and suddenly like I'm introduced to this new audience that I didn't have access to before. And so there's part of the strategy, what we're doing on that is definitely to be able to leverage and tap into audiences we didn't have access to before. Cool. So reporter evangelist and then the last one, and this is my favorite one by far, is the reluctant hero. And you notice like when we talk about the copyrighting stuff on day, Saturday, I'm going to show you how we always weave this into our copy. The reluctant hero is the guy or the girl who didn't want to be the hero, they didn't want to be this guru or this person teaching or like they didn't have any desire to do that but they went out there on this journey to try to figure something out and they kind of stumbled into this stuff and it worked and they just saw how cool it was and they just had to share it with other people. They wanted to bring this to more people and so they kind of reluctantly stepped into this hero role against what they wanted to do. And I think this is the role that people resonate with the most. The movies example I put in the book was Frodo Baggins, right? The ring, he didn't want to take the ring and go through this whole huge horrible deal but he felt like he was calling and he had to do it, it was his mission. And I'm sure a lot of you guys are kind of like that, like you didn't want to be on stage teaching stuff but you know what you have that provides value and it can help somebody else and the nice about the reluctant hero is it's more humble and people relate to it a lot better. Some people pull off the leader very, very well and the leader can follow me, I can't do that as well. I've always tried to come to a point where the reluctant hero is like hey this stuff's awesome, we're doing it, it's working, I want to show it to you guys too because I'm just excited and I know it can help you as well. So those are kind of the identities and like I said, these can change throughout your life and one of these will make the most sense, one of these will fit your personality type the best but it's okay to shift them into moving but it's important right now to pick which one you want to start with. Am I going to be the guy that's interviewing people and trying to find a bunch of experts, am I going to be the person that's more the reluctant hero, I'm going to be the leader, what one makes the most sense for your current personality type. There's the identities. And then the last section here, again this is stuff that we'll weave in and out all throughout all your communication and we're going to talk more communication but when you're communicating with your audience through any media, any distribution channel you're building, so through videos, through podcasts, through webinars, through all the different ways that you're going to be learning how to communicate with people, you're always sharing different story lines, different things to grab people and to suck them in and different ways to stay relevant. So this is kind of my checklist, there's more story lines than this, these are the core ones that I try to draw from. The first one is loss and redemption. I had this great thing and then I lost it all and I had to come back and build it back up again. It's a great story line. Now an example of how I would use something like this is let's say I'm sending out an email today to promote something. If I have a loss and redemption story that somehow ties back into whatever it is I'm selling over here, it's a great time to use that. Let me tell you guys a story about how, for example, if I was trying to sell or when I did, when I sold our high ticket secrets product, was that a month ago or so we did the webinar, the whole story we told was loss and redemption. I told the story about how we built up this huge call center, it was awesome, it had 100 people were cranking, making million dollars a month, it was awesome and I lost it all. It all started like oh man, how was it character flaws, it hits like all sorts of back story, all these things are like wow, he's like me, he screwed up bad, he almost went bankrupt, like I haven't even gone bankrupt yet, I'm way better than that guy. I'm trying to bring down to the level, right? But I'm like but guess what, it didn't end right there. I redeemed myself, I came back, we changed some things, we tweaked some things and this time we were smarter and we were better and we redeemed ourselves by doing it this way, this is the new way we do it and this is why it's so much better and boom all of a sudden when we sold that and that webinar crushed it for us, it was awesome. It's a loss and redemption. So you can use that from, again these storylines you can use from an entire webinar, you can use them just with single email, in a video you make there's just a million ways to use it but this is just a storyline to understand. Next one is Us vs. Them. I remember an example I used in the book for Us vs. Them. Oh yeah, Mac vs. PC. You guys all like the Mac vs. PC commercials, where you're like the guy who's nerdy and like I'm a PC and then like the cool hip guy you want to hang out with Mac, like that's Us vs. Them, right? Do you want to be that guy or do you want to be this guy? I remember when Xbox and Wii came out they did a spoof on that, did you guys ever see it? Where it's like this big huge girl in sweaters and then like this little skinny girl in the bikini and the skinny girl in the bikini was supposed to be the Wii, she's like I'm fun to play with and then the girl in the sweaters is like well I've got 64 bit blah blah blah and my graphics card did it and then the girl I'm fun to play with and then kept going back and forth and anyway just playing off that Us vs. Them, right? Think about in your business right now like what's the Us vs. Them? Think about the insurance like Progressive and Geico, they're always fighting each other, Us vs. Them, okay? Satellite and cable. Satellite and cable, yes. Anyway, all your businesses there's an Us vs. Them and one of the best things you can do, we'll talk more about this in the inception side, is like finding a common enemy. You look at, and this is probably not, anyway, if you look at like how Colts are started, I just watched this whole, anyway, not that I'm trying to start a Colt, it'd be kind of cool, but like I like reading books about how people start Colts because you understand like the psychology, like how do people, how does some charismatic leader get up and cause people to do crazy stuff that's just, I want to learn that so I can sell people more of my stuff, right? So I like studying that stuff and it's really interesting, one of the keys you look at any good Colts is they find and they define a common enemy and they have this common enemy and they fight against that person. So for you, who's the common enemy in your business? In my world, usually the common enemy is like the guru, the big bad guru, right? Everyone's like, oh, this guru is a horrible person, but I'm awesome. They're the same person, but they cast stones at this other person, right? So for you, who can you cast stones at? Okay, if you're like a natural health person, you'd be casting stones at the people who pop pills. If you're selling pills, cast stones at the natural health people, right? Your fighting against who you're going against. For example, when we launched our nurse cell supplement, but anyway, these guys that we're competing against are people who basically stole from me. So I was just like, all right, instead of fighting them back the way most people do, let's just compete against them, right? So we went straight head to head, straight competition with them, right? And so their supplement is all chemical based and everything like that, and so ours is all natural based. We have a very big us versus them and it's more of a personal, it's more spiked than marketing that I did this whole thing, to be honest, but it works really, really good. In fact, if you type their company name into Google, the very first video it pops up is why nurse cells better than the Rofti treatment group and they email me, they're so pissed. Like take that video down. I'm like, what? Are you serious? No, I'm not taking it down. This is like the part of the fun. So think about that though. So for us, we're fighting like they're chemical based, they're horrible, they're evil, whatever, and we're pure natural, we're herbal, we're like all these things why we're good. So think about your product, like what makes you different and find whoever that common enemy is and then harp on that, use it over and over and over, using your email, your sales, your web, all the different communications you're having with your audience, keep using those things because when you find a common enemy, that's how people will start coming with you. Now to kind of give you guys a hint, this whole polarity thing we're talking about, a lot of times a common enemy is this other group over here. The more heat you add to something, the more excited people are going to get. You're going to get a raving group of people who are fanatical in that direction. All right, moving on. Number three before and after. This one's easy, right? Weight loss, see all the time. Here I was huge, now I'm skinny, make money. I was poor, now I'm rich. I was unhealthy, now I'm super healthy. Before and afters are easy. And what's cool about these is you can do them for your own story, but also other people, like your success stories, your students, other people that are doing whatever you're doing, right? All right, amazing discovery, pretty simple, like oh, I figured out the coolest thing in the world yet, you gotta come see it, check this out. Secret telling is more like hey guys, I got a scene, I can't tell everybody about it, it's really, really good. If you come on this private webinar, I'm going to show you. If you pay five bucks and I'll ship you this thing, it's totally secret, it's going to be awesome, you'll find out all my best stuff. Secret telling is really good. And third person testimonials, other people bragging about you. Anytime I get a good testimonial, I'm sending it out, like send it out to the list, make a video, send it out, whatever you can do, because the more of those things that are going out, the better. So those are some of the storylines. And there's more storylines you guys can do, but those are the core six that I use. I have this printout next to my desk every single day, I look at it and I'm writing emails or I'm creating blog posts or whatever I'm doing, I'm trying to think like which one of these elements can I use today? I'm going to do us versus them until the back story about this. I'm going to do this and I kind of start trying to figure out how to blend these things together to create good things I can put out there that get people to be attracted and come back to me. So what's cool about this, you guys, at least for me is when I start understanding these principles and how they all work together, I can start engineering them. The first couple years of my business, I was just doing stuff. And luckily I did a couple of these things right and so I got people buying my stuff. But as soon as I understood that, I could engineer it, it changed everything. It's kind of like we talked about in the last session. As soon as I understood who my actual person I wanted to sell was, I could change the bait where I was looking and get the exact person I want. It's the same thing here. Change how you, these things that you're normally doing subconsciously, become aware of them and then manipulate them to be exactly what you want to get the right people to come to you. Okay, good question. This question is what do you do first? You create the product and then the avatar, the avatar and the product. The reality is it depends. Because sometimes you hit, you run into a product and you're like, oh, I love this. I want to figure out something behind it. That's one way to do it. I personally like the way, who's the kind of person I want to serve here and go that way? But it works both directions. It just kind of depends on where you're starting at. With our supplement, it was completely just like, I was trying to out of spite beat these guys out. That was the only reason. Then we found the customer, luckily. Whereas this business, we very focused on who do we want and this create products and things that will serve them and make them want to come in. So, you can go either way. Now, excuse me, now we're kind of building this attractive character. What distribution channel should I be building? Okay? Oprah was probably a good idea for when she was sitting down the first time and being like, hmm, I should be writing newspaper articles. It probably wasn't a good fit for her. She was awesome on TV. So that was the distribution channel that she chose. One thing that I really struggled with for a long time is that I thought I had to be doing all of these and because I wasn't ever good at any of them. So for most of you guys, you're not going to do all of them. I'm going to share five with you and you need to pick two of these five. One of them has to be email. So good news is I'm going to help you guys email. Email you have to do because that's better than prime time TV. It's like the best one. It's the easiest to do. It's, you have to do email. Now, I'm going to liken these to other things that you are familiar with. Email is very similar to direct mail. Back in the day, we put letters and envelopes and mail them to people and that's how we get access to them. So direct mail is like email, except for it's a lot cheaper, which is nice. This question, do I recommend direct mail these days? Yeah, definitely. We use it for front and back position but also for back and stuff. I bet probably a third of you guys are here, probably from a direct mail campaign that got you to call into the call center. So yeah, definitely use both. Also usually on like, if you're going to do direct mail, it's better, like the way to cut your teeth and start it is do it to your existing customers to upgrade them to send them up as opposed to doing cold, like to get new customers because it's really expensive and really hard to get it right to get new customers. But it's really easy to your existing customers to make it work. Number two is Facebook. Someone's talking about Drew yesterday. So this is Drew Canole. I don't know what he does like on YouTube. I think he's got a couple of channels but he's awesome on Facebook. If you look right here, he's got one point something million followers on Facebook and that's where he's at. If you look at any of the big, on Facebook there's tons of people killing on Facebook but usually they're really, really good at Facebook. It was interesting, you look at like Neil Patel, he's not on Facebook anywhere. So Facebook was not his channel that he focused on. He's focusing on his blog which we'll talk about in a second but some people focus on Facebook. So if you like love Facebook, this could be a channel you focus on. I personally hate Facebook. Okay, you noticed my fan page? Asked me when the last time I did my fan page was. I don't know. It's been months. I hate Facebook. Every time I log in I get the sick feeling. You know you log in, you see the little numbers at the top and I have like a thousand plus friend, new friend request. I've got like 80 new messages and all this stuff and I just like I get sick to my stomach and I'm like, every time I go to Facebook I'm like, ugh and then I just turn it down. It makes me sick to even log in. So for me, I've tried to do this distribution. I've tried like, everyone's doing Facebook, I gotta do Facebook. I can't do it. Like it's not for me. Okay. There's other things that work really good for me but this one's not for me. Some of you guys, if you're in Facebook all day long, this could be your channel. Okay. If you're that guy or girl who just loves Facebook, like this might be it but for me it's not. So Facebook is the equivalent of networking. Go into networking events, hanging out and talking. Yes, Facebook has. I'm talking right now about ways to the distribution, the organic distribution channel you're gonna be building through your attractive character. So what platform are you standing on? Shouting out, look how cool I am. Here's my backstory. Here's my product. What's the platform we're standing on? So yeah, you're right. Paid ads are different. We use paid ads all the time in Facebook but for a platform to build your attractive character round it's different. Okay. Number three is YouTube. Anyone ever seen this dude on YouTube? Nobody? DJ has. Okay. So here's the story. So there's this homeless dude. He's not homeless. He's got an RV. So he's got a home. He makes his YouTube videos of him in front of his RV juicing, usually without a shirt on. One video he was dressed like Jesus. I don't know. He's really weird. But this dude loves juicing. Super passionate. Every single day he's making juicing videos of him out in front of his RV doing stuff. And he's got a huge following. 300,000 people saw this video. Everyone's videos gets a quarter million or more views. And so one day our buddy Garrett is obsessed with this guy. This guy's awesome. He's the best juicing guy in the world. So Garrett emails him and is like, hey man, can I call you on the phone and let me pick your brain on juicing? And the guy's like, yeah, you can. Here's a PayPal order button. Send me 500 bucks and we'll talk for an hour. This dude who's homeless is charging 500 bucks an hour for juicing advice. Does that help anybody understand that the power of a platform? It's because he's out there. He's attractive, cared all the stuff's out there and people are following him. He's got fans. Now he's not famous. I know most of you guys never heard of him, but he's internet famous. I was at church the other day. And at church I try to not tell people what I do because it's really hard when people want to ask you all sorts of questions. So I'm pretty like, I don't talk about it and I'm kind of quiet. I'm a really shy person in my real life. But everyone's a muscle man finds out and they come up to me and they're like, hey, I saw your video man. I didn't know you were famous. And I'm like, no, no, I'm internet famous. Big difference. Internet famous means none of you guys know who I am. And that's the key. You guys want to become internet famous. You don't want to go be like real famous because that's not fun. But internet famous is awesome because there's a segment of people who know you like you and love you and will pay you 500 bucks an hour to teach them how to juice stuff. You like juicing. Your juicing mate is awesome. I guarantee it's better than that. 500 bucks an hour. Doctors don't charge that much, do they? Maybe they do. I don't know. But that's the power of this stuff, you guys. You build this attractive character. It's interesting. People don't look at you like another person. Even though you're doing this stuff with a back story, all these things to try to relate to their level, they still look at you at a different level. They look at this guy at a different level because he's built the distribution channel. So for him, YouTube's his channel. For other people, a lot of the weight loss guys YouTube's their channel. If you love videos, man, I would set up shop on YouTube and I make tons of videos and build my following there. Jake Hill or Jump Manual guy. YouTube is his channel. He's made video, video, video and built a huge following on YouTube. Now it's his distribution channel to the world. So yeah, think about it. That's the one that resonates most with you. That one's the equivalent of TV. You guys look at it. So I just bought a brand new 60-inch TV. We plugged it in and I couldn't figure out how to get to the real channels. It was really hard to get to the real channels. But there's all these little apps. You click on the app and it takes you to YouTube and everyone I've ever subscribed to YouTube channel is right there. So it was easier for me to find people I had subscribed to on YouTube than it was for me to find Fox TV. I couldn't get to my news channels. And that's the future where things are going right now. This is the big shift. It's made it so all of us can become super rich that we couldn't before. Before we had to get on TV and we had to do all this stuff to become famous. Now you just make a YouTube channel. You get some following. People go subscribe to you. When they sit down at night, they turn on the TV and they watch you on YouTube. Is that weird? It's not like it used to be where if you were going on your computer and you find this person, people subscribe to you now and then they subscribe to that to their TV and you become late night TV form. That's the place we're going. You start focusing now. I've been telling people this for 10 years. But if you start focusing now on if YouTube's your channel, start focusing on growing that in a year from now, five years from now, 10 years from now. You have a million viewers. Guess what you've got? You've got more viewers than any local station in the world. People are going to be coming begging you to buy ads from you. You own distribution. I would make it if YouTube is your channel, that's the platform you want to pick. Just focus on that and grow and grow your following because that following will be worth so much money. Cable networks are becoming buying you guys for millions of dollars. It's happening right now. People are getting bought out because of their followings. It's happening right now. It's going to happen more and more as it's harder and harder for all these cable shows and all these stations to compete. Right now, I can get the exact content I want from the dude who I want to hear from for free where I can't get this juicing guy on TV. I listen to some weird juicing person who I make. This guy is only on YouTube and if that's the attractive character I'm following, this is the only place I can get him. Next for podcasts, I just started getting into podcasting. It's really fun. Anyone here listening to the marketing in your car podcast? Yeah. This is my new channel. One of my new channels. This is my favorite. I've been podcasting a couple of times. It's really hard because typically, most people make an hour long show and I can never do that. I started my very first one where it's just while I'm driving to the office, five minutes a day, I just record my thoughts of the day. Like, oh, this is something cool we just did that worked awesome. If you guys aren't listening to it, you probably should. All my best ideas, I literally share them all to my podcast. It's free. You just go to marketingyourcar.com, click on subscribe, and then it shows up on your phone. What's happening is everyone subscribes that thing. It's like my own radio channel, my own radio station. I can send messages to everyone who's listening whenever I want. It's the coolest thing in the world. What's really interesting is I got some friends who are killing their podcast. They got way more people listening to me. It's literally like a radio show. One of my buddies, he does an episode every single day. It's 30 minutes long. He has a sponsorship ad at the beginning of the podcast, one in the middle and one at the end. He gets paid per CPM, so per 1,000 users. He gets paid some for each of these companies. Right now, he gets 100,000 people listening to each one, something like that. Each company, this company does the front one, pays them, I think, like $300 or $400 an episode. The middle one pays them like $200, the last one pays them like $500. He makes $1,200 in ads every time he does a podcast. How often do you think he does a podcast? Seven days a week. He says, Rostov, I don't do a podcast. I lose $1,200. I don't sell anything. I just have to do it. Then I push upload and I make $1,200. I say, I want to do that. I want to do that three times a day, four times a day. That's literally what's happening, guys, is you're creating your own radio station. Think about Rush Limbaugh. Think about all these people. I'm not a big radio guy, but all the big radio people, they've got these distribution channels, right? They're getting smaller. They're shrinking because where are people going? They're going to podcasts, subscribing to what they actually want to hear and niche specific stuff they want. If that's you, you start focusing today, tomorrow, and within a year from now, two years from now, five years from now, you've got a huge following of people. You can first off sell them anything you want down your distribution channel. You can sell ads. You can do sponsor. There's so many things you can do when you have distribution. The way people are going to listen to you gets all the attractive character stuff because they're going to give you a shot. If they like your thing, they're going to keep listening forever. The podcast is equivalent to radio. Then blogging is like newspapers. All this media that we're doing you guys online, it's all stuff that happened offline, but the internet made it so that all of us can compete. All of us can step up and I can compete directly head to head with New York Times and I can win. We couldn't do that before, but nowadays we can. This question was, if I'm making a YouTube video, I don't want to just send YouTube, how else can I do it? Definitely, and we're going to talk a lot about promoting something. If you make a YouTube video, we're going to promote the thing everywhere to get people back. What I'm saying is there's different platforms. Email again, we're all doing email. The networking, some of you guys are great networkers. That's going to be your thing. Some of you guys are great on video. That should be your core. Some of you guys are great radio, should be podcasting. Some of you guys are great writers, should be blog. They're all going to cross promo, but there should be one that's like, this is my core, this is my baby. As soon as you're doing two things or three things, it's hard to wake everybody up to do a show and write a blog post and do a part. I've tried. We had teams of people trying to keep the system down. We were hitting all the channels and finally I came to the realization. I'm just like, you know what? Everyone who's crushing it, they're crushing it on one thing. They may add in the second one later, but usually they focus on one first. Let's say it's like Drew Canole, right? He builds up his Facebook to a million people. Now for him to come back and say, hey, you know what? I got a million people here. I'm going to add a YouTube channel and he adds it and boom, 50% of people come over here. Now he can do two a lot easier, but if you're trying to grow and do two or three at a time, it's never going to work. To begin with today, pick one, focus on that. Somewhere down the line, you can expand and try to do more, but right now, just try to do one. Julie? That's a good question. You want to do more of your audience. I would say more what you want to do. Otherwise, you're not going to... I mean, there's a double-edged sword. You're trying to trick me. No, but because you're right, your audience needs to be there, but at the same time, if it's videos and you hate doing videos, you're never going to do them. It's got to be something you're passionate about. You wake up the morning. When I do marketing in your car, wake up, turn on my phone, I start driving. I'm passionate about that. For me to sit down and write a blog post, I literally will sit down. I'll look at that thing for three hours. I'm just like, huh. Crap. But everyone's reading my... Neil Patel, everyone's reading his blog. Yeah, but Neil likes to blog. No one's following him on YouTube or Facebook, but his blog's awesome. So it's like, what's the channel that you thrive in the best? I think that you can get your... I think my guess is that there's people in every one of these channels in whatever space you're in. Some there may be more prevalent, but I would focus on what you like the best or what you're not going to do it. So that's a big key. All right. So that's the attractive character stuff, you guys. If I could say one thing of everything you're going to do that's going to be the amplifier for your business, it's like the raw... You bring out your raw passion as much as possible. I look at you guys like Jake Hill or like Gary Vaynerchuk. I look at everyone who I know who's successful and is internet famous, who's growing businesses in any space. They're all hyper, super passionate and excited about the thing and they're just sharing and they're giving and they're trying as much as they can. Because of that giving action, all the stuff people start being attracted and you start coming back to you and it's just... It works. It works every single time. I think it's the foundation for everything else we're going to be talking about. Yeah. So one of the key things I want to teach you guys this week, you don't have to know how to do any of this stuff. There are people way smarter than me who do that kind of stuff. So I had to Google like set up a podcast, who can hire and then find someone to hire to do that. One of the other something blocks I think why you guys are going to have throughout any of this business is try to become good at doing all this kind of stuff. I have no idea how to set up a podcast. I literally, I record myself on my phone and then I email that audio to somebody else and then it shows up on iTunes. I have no idea how that works. I don't know what he does. He has like a little music intro at the beginning of the end and it just works. So there's people you can hire on anything. You can find someone for five bucks can turn your pot, can make your music. I'm acting dumber than I am, but I want to illustrate a point though. It's like those guys who are really smart are going to struggle in this business. You're going to try to do everything. I can figure it out. Don't try to figure it out. The only thing you guys need to understand is the stuff we're talking about, the conceptual. All this stuff, this is an important part. All the tactics, all the little things is all stuff you can hire, you can learn, you can whatever, but focus on this bigger picture, the strategy stuff. Because the strategy what makes them my, the tactics are all things you can hire out, you can find people to do and it's not that important. So using sites like Fiverr.com, F-I-V-E-R-R.com is a great place for five bucks. People do almost anything you can dream of. Another site that I use a lot is Freelancer.com, Freelancer and Odesk.com. These are sites you can post anything in the world and people will do it for you. They'll bid, people will fight to do it for you for as cheap as possible. I graduated from Boise State with a stunning 2.1 GPA and I did that by outsourcing my homework to Romania and it got me to where I am today. Like literally you can get anything you want done on these outsourcing sites. You can hire people to have majors in English to write English papers for you for like $2 an hour. You can hire programmers with PhDs in programming for $3, $4 an hour to program anything you can dream of. So stop trying to be super, super smart. That doesn't help at all. There's people smarter than you and they work in third world countries and for $2 an hour they can do what will take you days or years or months to figure out. I would say one of my super powers is I'm really good at hiring people for really, really cheap on these sites. That's really the reality of what it is. So learn how to do it. It's really easy and it will free you from trying to learn how to do all this kind of stuff. Thanks for asking me. I hope that helps. The next session we're going to be talking about how to charge more than your competitors because that's the key to scaling a business. You have to be able to charge them a lot and it's going to be fun. You're going to learn some cool stuff.